WIEIAD Obese *Unhealthy* Part 4
[Music] what I eat in a day what I eat in a day what I eat in a day hi guys welcome back to another what I eat in a day remember I'm fat and I don't eat healthy today for breakfast I made some homemade chicken and Yoki soup it was my very first time making chicken and Yoki soup and I did a hell of a job so if y'all want the recipe just let me know anyways I know this is a drink and not an eat but I just had to show y'all this is hb's fresh squeezed cherry limeade and if you see this at HB trust me you're going to want to grab it today for lunch I had Subway I ordered a foot long of tuna on Italian herban cheese bread with American cheese spinach lettuce onions cucumbers bell peppers banana peppers jalapenos parmesan cheese and some ranch along with my Subway sandwich I'm also having a bag of Cheese Cheetos I also ordered a broccoli and cheese soup but it looked kind of funky and it tasted even funkier so I will definitely pass on that thankfully I made all of that soup earlier so now I'm going to have some for dinner the last thing that that I had for the day was some Starbucks I ordered myself the double chocolate chip Frappuccino and again just in case you want to know which one I went to I went to the one by City Base but like I always tell y'all that's enough about me what did you eat today [Music] bye how do you do say how do you do [Music] everyone baby show me you can calm down calm down dance with me and take the now now got you so high that you can't calm down come now don't you ask him know you're alloud alloud when it's you I can't say no baby give me me like going me I my house ioke [Music] me iake up my mind one [Music] day feel this is a song for anyone who can get out of bed I do anything to be [Music] happy oh cuz blue skies are caling but I know that it's hard hey guys here's what I eat a day eat when I'm hungry Edition started my morning off with some eg a waffles had a two this morning lots of syrup and make sure you open that mouth nice and wide to not get on those beautiful matte lips followed it up with a big glass of ice water and then I had half of Moses's bagel from Starbucks and a medicine ball because the weekend was lit and my throat was just needing it we got some cheese pizza for the ride home from the podcast so good I even ate the crust and yeah that's what I ate today I eaten today as a 260 lb fat woman first I had some almond milk and Cinnamon Toast Crunch with some Kool-Aid my boyfriend surprised me with a strawberry shake another Kool-Aid club sandwich from a cisters with a pickle and some potato salad and the best lemonade one ice I Cream Sandwich another Kool-Aid ended the day with two packs of Teddy Gams this is what I eat in the days of fat girl who is literally just existing listen if you've been watching these for a while you know what's coming avocado toast and turkey bacon for breakfast I have no Creative Energy in the mornings this is all that I can conjure by the way this specific turkey bacon not good stay away from the Butterball brand anyways after that it was lazing around a little bit until it was time to meet Britney for some early dinner I ended up meeting her at the second cup in the village but I cannot have caffeine past like 11:00 a.m. so it was just a water for me after that we decided to walk around in the unseasonably warm weather and just pick some place to sit down and eat I'm going to be completely honest with you we had no idea if this place was going to be any good all we saw was a real cute looking restaurant we figured that was probably good enough and thankfully we ended up not totally regretting it and honestly if the only thing that I got on the menu that day was these peris it would have been worth it I don't know why progis aren't on menus first and foremost more often but these were superb I wish I had the words in my vocabulary to describe them and then for the main course I decided to just get some breaded fish I think this was hattic and it was also very very good 10 out of 10 I really wish I could remember the name of this place one thing about recording these videos I will say I have become acutely aware of the faces that I make when I eat my food apparently I look like I'm not enjoying myself but genuinely everything tasted amazing and I would definitely go back here if I could just at least remember the name of it after we finished eating we let our stomach settle for a little bit I stole my friend sunglasses and took plenty of pictures and videos in them her sunglasses collection by the way is amazing she gets like everything from Amazon and then it was just more exploring of that general area grabbed an water and then headed back home to make some not so light dinner but I was starving by the time I got in and that was pretty much my night won break toes down from the second night got to clean my mind it's a real Flow State the way I'm floating on a be you think I'm levitating anything I do you know I do it hella elevated a little bit of liquor got it activated and evader pushing pH damn that quickly escalated I be balling cuz baby i' be all in one dude tripping on me n falling now I'm on a popping X coming back crawling if you needed a remind I know you want it know you want it sex so good running it back like a loop track oh yeah had to put it in the group chat schu in the che what I eat in a day as a fat person that doesn't focus on weight loss baked beans and toast citrus green tea Jolly llama ice cream con grocery store veggie Sushi sweet potato pie Beyond sausage with corn zucchini and tomato Love You by Hello everybody welcome back to what I eat in a day as a fat woman who does not want to lose weight I started my Dave with a bagel here's me taking a couple bites and it was belly approved then a little bit later I had some fried rice I feel like I was eating brid rice last what I eaten a day then I had some water I always forget to fill my water but I probably drink three maybe four of those a day so we got the Chun chongs for lunch okay so I'm always double fisting [Music] them so here's what you got to do one bite of the I got hot dog and mozzarella and they don't I want both at the same time but they don't offer that [Music] so mhm mhm mhm [Music] M the cheese pole for dinner I fried up some parois and we also had some spicy curly fries which are my favorite and the salad also these are really big portions me and my boyfriend just like use the same plates and we just like pick off and share off the same things so yeah here's me going down on the Paris they are so good and my favorite fries with ketchup then I had some Greek f salad it's my favorite we probably have it a couple times a week here's me going back for another bite that's it for today please remember that you are so worthy to eat every day hi friends welcome back to another what I eat in a day as a fat person eating whatever I want because that's how I choose to live my life and I'm celebrating 15,000 followers I love you guys so so much let's get to eating for breakfast I had some coffee bagels and cream cheese cantaloupe and a cheese omelette for lunch I made myself a smoothie Bowl which is just frozen berries milk and Greek yogurt topped up with granola and honey one of my favorite meals to make and then I had a cupcake for a snack and for dinner I made myself tater tots and a chicken sandwich and I ended my night with some [Music] sweethearts"
WHAT I EAT IN A DAY AS A FAT PERSON - CALORIE COUNT - UK EDITION - #1
[Music] what e a fat [\xa0__\xa0] who very controversially doesn't give a [\xa0__\xa0] that she's fat for breakfast we had a McDonald's on that very very ugly and very old plate you all know M's chocolate to show h a miss and that one there was clearly a Miss went the rain I got a fany from Iceland and then I had a cup of tea when I got in still getting FY brownies from the milk box and this time I had three all dipped into that amazing dip these are me mom's new bowls plates and cut from the range Telly I like them cuz she's obsessed anyway I had a fat bowl the tuna pasta in the new pasta ballls and this is my new water bottle also from the range of course finished the day with a cup and bed what I eat in a day started off in the morning with the deadest cheese on toast you will ever see then I tried these chicken stps from LD the men to taste like McDonald's chicken TX and let me tell you they taste exactly the same if not better don't walk run to Aly then I went out for food in oo Lounge in panf these were like halumi fritters with sweets chili jam on them they were nice but my chicken was a bit dry it's normally Lush in here but it was a bit disappoint what I eating a day now before I start this what I eating a day if you are judgmental about what people eat especially when they're fat please scroll past this was one of those days where I literally ate so [\xa0__\xa0] much God knows how much I spent on food today but it was one of those days do you know what I mean I started off the day with a McDonald's breakfast and then I had TGI for lunch had chicken sesame strips and these mozzarella Dippers look at that cheese pole have you seen anything So Glorious with your chicken strips are you a Dipper in the sauce or do you pour the sauce all over your chicken strips cuz I'm definitely a Dipper they're so [\xa0__\xa0] banging oh my God I could eat these all over again and another insane cheese pole and then afterwards we shared this Brownie dessert and to be honest I only had like two M it was so sickly here's when it gets a bit too far but not far enough just yet we then took my best friend's sister to McDonald's and decided to we share some chicken nuggets while we were there and I tried dipping it in the milkshake it was absolutely vile but Martha loves it I'll just stick to my barbecue sauce then I had a multia Muk flurry these are my fave although look how much chocolate they gave me literally nothing even though Easter's all about chocolate happy Easter to you too McDonald's and then about 1:00 in the morning we were starving also feeling a bit hormonal now I never get a burger but for some reason I was craving it so I got a big tasty normally I'm a classy little chicken select gal but not tonight then some of these spicy cheeke Dippers with some sour cream sauce and I was done for the day what I eaten a day as a disgusting fat person who is very hungover after her birthday so I did actually have some toast on a first woke up then I fell asleep and I had a macis and then I had a few mouthfuls of this cake but it wasn't as nice as I thought it was going to be and then I had a handful of pretzels later on and then I slept for like five or 6 hours so then when I got back up we ordered dominoes I had some of the chicken nuggets and then about half of a vegan pizza so while I'm here I just want to say thank you for 2,000 followers and also to the lads um a I'm not looking for your unwanted advice um and I don't give a [\xa0__\xa0] if you think I'm disgusting so okay bye is there anything better than crisps for breakfast I think not I haven't had these crisps for ages they're stunning it's Martha's birthday and we've got the pleasure of looking after her for the day she gave us matching tattoos and now we've taken her for mackys I did go a bit overboard but I'm Hank Marvin I got a large qu pound of meal beefy mozzarella stickers and look at this cheese pull well done Ronald large chips and 20 chicken nuggets and look at this new macky's hack add the chips into your nugs get some chili flakes two pots of sweet chili sauce can you guess what I'm making salt and pepper chicken and chips you've got to add pepper and salt sweet and sour sauce and curry sauce and this is what it looks like give it a mixy Mixie or a shaky shaky and this was Unreal it was so tasty if you try this hack please tag me in there and let me know what you think I'll never eat plain chicken nuggets and chips again Martha did her first eat with me which I've just posted it's the cutest thing ever we've brought her to Fen HQ it's located in Cardiff Bay it's an activity center and it's got over 30 exciting wall challenges they've got a massive soft play this was honestly so fun Martha said she wants to bring her friends back here and they're opening to tomorrow for the public I'll tag them below I was like bamb on ice and sorry to the parent of this child I couldn't stop falling over after F HQ it was quite late and I can't be asked to cook tea so I've just bought some snacks Jaffer cakes all my favorite childhood crisps look at the price now talk about cost of living crisis and these biscuits were [Music] unreal this is what a fat girl eats in a day day 35 if you don't like seeing a fat person stuffed their face with food scroll away way now so I had Crum pits for breakfast and whilst they were in the toaster I made myself an iced coffee I used one of these sachets because I could not be asked to make actual coffee you're only meant to add water but I feel like it's just too watered down so I also added some milk too gave it a quick stir and by the time that was done my crumpets were ready so I whacked some butter on both of them and then I also added cheese on top of one of them listen don't come at me if you haven't tried cheese on a crumpit try it and then come back to me anyways I skipped lunch because I had to go and make some content but when I got back I made chicken for me and my sister we also had rice mash and asparagus with it honestly one of my favorite diners hands down and then I've actually been craving a cla's so I brought myself chocolate cla's and there's me just munching on it after dinner yes I'm scoffing my face and what anyways that's it come back for tomorrow love you okay what I eting a day is a f girl and eat the sorder recovery so I had a double sausage McMuffin um I do always take the egg out cuz I don't like the brown eggs from McDonald's and then I had a couple of hash browns if you only get one hash brown you either a liar or you need a grow up because one is just not enough um I also don't normally like to get like a fizzy drink in the morning but I just it was so hot I just wanted like an ice drink so have some Sprite and then later on I made that Frozen cranberry slush again it's Lally just cranberry juice with ice and but it's very refreshing so I'm probably going to continue to drink this for the foreseeable future there's a million clips of me drinking this but yeah it was very nice then for lch I just had some leftover pasta from the night before then I shared a can of Dr Pepper with my boyfriend and I had some chips with garlic sauce and a crispy chicken PE bread and my tea what you a day fat [\xa0__\xa0] Edition swed Nutella and banana and cinnamon on toast it was Tiger bread [\xa0__\xa0] banging I had a great time there then I had cheese and toast just the one cuz [\xa0__\xa0] cooked it I thought you do what going then I have It Go on put that in me and then I add a pizza half pizza and some doughballs cuz I went to the [\xa0__\xa0] one stop I got all that for3 on sale that went straight in my barket and straight inside me was lovely fake coretto from Aldi again beautiful had a great time but now I've got [\xa0__\xa0] here's what a fat girl that's not on a diet eats in a day so I started my day off with a bell V strawberry filled what they called soft baked breakfast they are really really nice they're actually vegan and I was so excited about that then I had some toast with peanut butter that little slice is cuz I hate wasting like the end of the bread and I like the crust so yeah and the bread was homemade by my friends moment it was just amazing and then I had a Dr Pepper cuz I've not had on ages there's dorg in the background and then tea it was spaghetti Bales with um meatballs and homemade garlic bread and I had such a big bowl of pasta and I ate all and I was so happy there was no shame no guilt it's what you want"
TikToks That Will Make You Jealous 2
HOW I BECAME A SKINNY LEGEND BY ACCIDENT AND YOU CAN TOO *what I eat in a day and weight loss tips*
[Music] oh oh hi i didn't see you there um so you probably saw the beginning of the video and you were like whoa you look like a stick that's about to break into two pieces yes i do and it is too much and i'm not promoting this kind of eating but basically what i'm about to tell you in this video is what did i change in the way i eat and how i became a skinny legend by accident period period period you are what you eat wait a minute it's interesting isn't it i can't explain it well yeah let's get right into this video and see what i eat day to day so you know i wake up it's breakfast how i usually start my day is by drinking a glass of luke lemon water sounds so amazing but it's something that i do every day honestly i don't know if it makes a difference the way i feel you know that feeling when you drink the glass of water with lemon you're like my skin is glowing i'm skinny but you're not so then it's time for my og coffee either black or with mct oil and collagen powder it sounds disgusting like the fact that i'm putting oil into my coffee it's disgusting it's awful i drink my coffee and then it's actually time for the actual breakfast my breakfast will usually look like this [Music] i like my eggs to be hard-boiled a good piece of bread with a good layer of butter like thick layer of butter my friends would be like you are disgusting why are you putting so much butter on your bread and i'm like i am disgusting so then i eat my breakfast feels so you know energized hello queen alexander i'm like ready for my day and around one o'clock i eat my lunch and for my lunch i usually you know i have a chef at my home i don't do my own lunch my actually i have a chef my grandma my grandma usually will cook me like some chicken some salmon you know and i would always have something on the side some good veg we love a good veg badge veg i will always have something on the side like how do you say it in english garnier i would have greeky [Music] yeah i never snuck because we love a good snack i can't believe that there are people that would do something like this it's so sick and twisted but avoid snacking because snacking makes you gain weight it's a habit that i basically got rid of because i started to eat more fats evening comes and to be honest i'm not a big fan of dinners i don't like dinners and you're probably like oh that's why you're so skinny because you don't eat anything no i do eat but i just like something easy for dinner you know because i feel like if i eat for dinner something heavy i'm gonna wake up bloated and looking like i don't know a soup some salad maybe something like the same i had for lunch but i'm not go i'm not going heavy on dinner you know i like to be simple or actually sometimes i would have a bottle of wine i'm joking but um i'm not am i like eight or nine o'clock comes i have a glass of wine red wine n i'm not saying drinking wine makes you lose weight even though actually um some days it's just like i'm i just feel like having a glass of wine more like every day but you know in general like don't be strict on yourself have whatever you want honestly like don't listen to me like i'm just saying like this is something that worked for me we take this whole day as a conclusion and what you would need to take from this day is that i avoid sugars i literally don't eat sugar i eat more fat than carbs which means i love some good salmon some good avocados i avoid everything that is related to sunflower oil sunflower oil is evil for you i don't eat anything fried i don't order anything online because i have a chef you know i'm that rich but um i don't order food usually like of course on the weekends i would be like oh my god you know i feel like treating myself but apart from that no drink a lot of water i don't snack these are basically the main key points from this video if you want to be a skinny legend do this you know i'm saying that this is something that my parents you know they read out they read a lot of books they went to many doctors and they just started eating like that way because it made me feel good but on top of that it made me lose weight but now i feel like i need to gain some of it back because i just look like a freaking board don't forget to like and subscribe and i hope that you took something useful from this video and if you have anything else to share with me you can comment down below i always love getting into some good discussions um but yeah uh thank you so much for watching and i'll see you next week love you you"
"Annyoung HASO! Hello everybody. I went on an egg diet for 3 days. 3 days diet comparison video released in advance. Let's go see it together. Weigh yourself the day you start the diet. Highest weight this year. Everyone, I weigh 53 kg today. I ate a lot of food lately. When spring comes, everything tastes like this. I'm going to work hard on my diet again from today. 12:40 pm. 2 boiled eggs. 200 ml of low-fat milk. 1 banana. Everyone, the one meal a day we used to do is very difficult. (It's so difficult to eat just one meal these days...). Much tastier than just salt. It tastes good when you mix it with salt, pepper and sesame seeds. Milk Cheers. Milk is also very good. I think I can do this diet all year round. I put a banana in the freezer and it tastes even better. What time is the next meal? Mom: Don't eat it. (This was an unexpected answer). I have walked 5,000 steps. This is a stretch I do often these days. If you overdo it, it becomes poisonous. Diet and exercise properly. I bought eggs. Start acupressure with an egg carton. Everyone. It really hurts . It hurts even more when I crouch like this. (one bird). acupressure end. You look very sick in the evening, don't you? 5:30 pm. 2 boiled eggs. 200 ml of low-fat milk. 1 banana, 40 peanuts. Crack an egg with your head. Not as painful as I thought. The yolk is moist. Eggs melt in your mouth. Break the second egg. I'm going to break my head Eggs are hard. This is not an advertisement or sponsorship. It's my favorite milk. I ate up to 40 peanuts. Applause saying it was a pity that the meal was over. next day. 51.8 kg. -1.2 kg from yesterday. Everyone, I weigh 51.8 kg today. I lost 1.2 kg from yesterday. Yesterday, an acquaintance gave me delicious kimchi. I want to eat a lot of kimchi with eggs! I'll try to eat a little while adjusting. 11:20 am. 2 boiled eggs + kimchi. 200 ml of low-fat milk. 1 banana. Young kimchi. looking forward to it a lot. Raise the kimchi carefully. It tastes really good when eaten with boiled egg and kimchi. If you drink milk together, it's heaven. It's absolutely delicious. I froze a banana and it even freezes to the skin. I have walked 12,000 steps. My body feels lighter. My legs went up lighter than yesterday. I walked more than yesterday. I walked 12,000 steps. (Please praise). 5:30 pm. 2 boiled eggs. 200 ml of low-fat milk. 1 banana. 80 peanuts. hungry. hungry. How can eggs be so delicious to eat? Eggs that are delicious to eat or eat have arrived. frozen milk. Only the top is frozen and the bottom is not. Take a bite of milk ice. teeth are cold Peanuts are so delicious. I only ate 80 pills lightly. next day. Yesterday 51.8 kg. 51.0 kg today. Everyone, I weigh 51.0 kg today. I lost 0.8 kg from yesterday. If you hold on until today, you will be able to finish the 3-day diet well. you can do it. You should eat delicious kimchi and eggs~. Yeol radish kimchi is so delicious, right? Put this on the egg and take a bite. Shake the fork when it tastes good. lightly frozen milk. Add calorie-free sugar and frozen bananas. Please drink it like this. It's really tasty. Nuts are love. It's crunchy and delicious. Today I walked 10,000 steps. Everyone! Diet is like stretching!. It's hard to start, but the moment you start, you'll enjoy it!. 5:30 pm. 2 boiled eggs. 200ml low fat milk + soybean flour. 1 banana + sweets. Salt + pepper + sesame seeds are very delicious when eaten together. It's really tasty. I will eat it by mixing frozen milk and soy flour. Scrape with a fork to melt. I'll give you one bite. eating. It's savory. It's absolutely delicious. a handful of sweets. I bought it as a snack for my dad, but I ate it. Eat up to 2 more bags of nuts. Crunchy tasty nuts. I will eat only dried fish and finish today's meal. It's protein, so it's ok. I recommend grilling them in the air fryer. (Fear of tooth damage). All three days have passed. Here are the before and after pictures of you guys on a diet for 3 days. I think the swelling has gone down a lot. I worked hard on myself. yes everyone I lost 2.5kg in 3 days like this. I will show you how to overcome hunger well. After lunch, I ate dinner 4 hours later. I drank 1L of water during those 4 hours. I'll show you how to cook an egg deliciously. Boiled for 8 minutes, the egg yolk is undercooked. Boiled for 10 minutes, the egg yolk becomes moist and lightly cooked. Boil the eggs for 15 minutes until they are fully cooked. I liked the eggs boiled for 10 minutes the most. Thank you so much for watching this video too. I hope I can be of some help to you!. Then see you next time!. The song I'm playing right now is a song I wrote myself."
How to Lose Weight and Be Fit Forever | 10 Tips
"to lose those extra kilos to be fit forever to have a healthy relationship with food and to just feel so confident in our bodies if you desire any of these know that you're not alone so today let's talk about how to lose weight and be fit in a healthy sustainable and doable way when I was 18 I got very into nutrition and fitness I started to learn about foods and what they do to my body and pretty much got obsessed with the concept of Health being a young impressionable woman somewhere along the line and went a little too far and developed an unhealthy restrictive relationship with food which now that I look back at I'm very grateful for because that experience taught me how much of the way we look and feel is based on our mental health habits and learned behavior now many years and lessons later I feel like I've gotten to truly know my body but most importantly when it comes to food and fitness I've created a sustainable lifestyle that allows me to honor and cherish my body now before we get into the tips I just want to add a small disclaimer and say that I am not a doctor or a nutritionist or a dietitian and although I'm passionate about this topic I'm passionate about health all of these tips are coming from my own personal experience and what I've learned so always with any information you receive take that through your own heart and gut and filter it through your brain and make the necessary conclusions that you need and as I always recommend it's useful to consult your actual doctor or your actual dietitian if you have one but that being said let's get into the tips [Music] I put this as number one because I truly believe that it's the basis of everything learning about nutrition will help you understand how much you need what you need and how certain foods work in your body now what do I mean when I say learn about nutrition learn about what carbs do what protein does what fat does to your body how it works together what minerals you need all of this information will truly help you understand how to maneuver in the kitchen I would say that before all the other tips learn about the food in your fridge and understand is the food in your fridge benefiting you and what your body needs [Music] I know that nowadays this is a very difficult one and this is why I you know I'm very careful with my language I rarely use words like never or restrict but I am saying avoid just because you're more likely to eat good food when you make it from scratch you know when you cut your own vegetables when you're cooking your own meal and adding spices and ingredients that you know that you love and it's always just so much better when I say processed I think like super packaged added with like bunch of oils or sugars the types of foods also really a really good way to look at it like to kind of measure if the food is healthy or not you know those super processed breads when you look at the expiration date and it's like two or three months that is highly processed like fresh bread will go bad in a couple of days days like maybe five four days so this is just something to keep in mind remember everything is about balance and everything is kind of you have to take it through what is good for you it's much easier to lose weight in general and to be fit if you know the ingredients you're putting in and the ingredients are fresh and it's actual food tip number three learn to eat exactly how much you need obviously there will be events and times where you overeat or under eat but really learning how to eat exactly how much you need is the key to keeping and maintaining your weight extra calories that we don't need is the thing that then leads to having that extra weight having those extra kilos so learning how to not overeat and eating exactly how much you need is a very very useful skill and it's actually interesting because when I was going through kind of my health journey I was kind of introduced into this concept of like eating how much you need and I noticed when I started to kind of you know observe people because I naturally observed people that some people actually do this very naturally and this usually comes when they have been raised in a family where everyone eats how much they need they don't have this kind of mentality of finish your plate which is something I hate I think it's the worst thing you can tell to your kid because that kid will learn to eat according to what is in front of them not according to what they their body says so just be very very mindful when you're maybe overeating or if you feel like you're overeating a lot is this coming from something you have learned from your family is this coming from a place of comfort because you wanna fill something else else so think about those questions and actually this point leads me to The Next Step which is build a healthy relationship with food I have a whole video on this topic which is one of my most popular videos so apparently a lot of people love that video and I love that video so definitely check that out I go in depth about this topic and I kind of don't want to repeat myself too much because that video is really packed with information so definitely check that out I promise you literally I can promise you that by learning the things that I say in that video that will help you so much in your health Journey but in short if you learn to build a healthy relationship with your food that will help you not only physically but mentally and let's be real a lot of weight problems come from our mental issues it is a fact when we overeat when we're sad right when we binge eat like that's also a mental disorder when we we see food as kind of this entity good or bad all of this is kind of us putting moral value to food and all of this is coming from that unhealthy pattern unhealthy relationship with food so this is such an important Point again I will mention that video go check it out but first watch these tips and then check it out because when you learn how to build that relationship how to trust your body how to eat when you're hungry not when you're sad because that is something I used to suffer from when I would just eat because I was bored or sad these are patterns that I learned from my childhood so uh go check it out and let's move to the next tip at the basis of weight loss obviously is calories in versus calories out that's the basis that's something that I hope most of us know but our bodies are complex if let's say you are deficient in something or if you have some kind of a hormonal problem that can also create disbalance in your body and create different issues that can lead to weight gain test your basic you know vitamins and minerals and all of that just check if you're not deficient because when we talk about Fitness and I really want to point this out we are not just talking about looking good okay I know that this is the main reason why a lot of people clicked on this video I understand we want to lose weight to look good but at the basis of Fitness is how strong is our body inside and out now a light Next Level blood test would be kind of checking your hormonal Health which is you know I've been thinking about this a lot but that's for a different video and this is I think especially important for women being in disbalance like hormonal this balance can cause different things skin issues gut problems the list goes on and remember that for you to be in a healthy good weight your gut health is so important because that will result in result in how good you absorb vitamins and all of that and actually on that note I read a quote recently that I really really loved and it said you are not what you eat you are what you absorb and I love that because all of us have heard that you know you are what you eat I heard it all my life but I love this new Twist on it because it doesn't matter what you eat it matters what you actually absorb you know that's who you are do the blood tests take care of your body and I promise you that that will also give you more clarity on what you need to eat what vitamins you need to take and how you can take care of your body veggies veggies veggies most adults don't eat enough vegetables and it makes so much sense because again going back to the previous points I mentioned so much food is processed and packaged and most of that food does not contain that much vegetables it contains a lot of oils and sugars and carbs and and and bread and all of that I promise you you can't overeat on veggies like you would have to be a very special individual to overeat on veggies I mean you know let's not go overboard but when I say veggies veggies veggies fill your plate with different colorful vegetables and instead of seeing vegetables as a side dish try to sometimes make dishes where veggies are the main dish and then put some you know protein or or carb on the side because veggies are just so good like I like that's how I feel that's why I made a whole point of it veggies are also low calorie which is really really helpful when you want to try to lose weight always combine it of course with some protein and don't don't go to kind of the other spectrum and start eating just broccoli all day okay please don't be that person you obviously need to eat a variety of foods to stay healthy if all you eat currently are very calorie dense meaty cheesy Foods you will be surprised how much you will benefit if you replace one meal a day or one snack a day with you know some colorful veggie mix and also you can make it so interesting you can add it in soups you can make different dips it's just like I'm gonna stop here otherwise this video is gonna turn into like me obsessing over vegetables but I love them so much especially in winter time I load up on veggies I love veggies so that's my tip in your weight loss Journey if you replace or even add a lot of veggies to your plate I promise you you will see a lot of a lot of beautiful differences in the way you feel and in the way you look foreign now the reason why I say whatever way you like is because this whole video this whole idea of Being Fit or losing weight is also about sustainability it does nothing good for you to start running 10 miles or deciding that you will run 10 miles every day but then completely burning out and getting tired and exhausted and stopping after four days and then having this kind of hateful relationship towards exercise and movement and then not wanting to move at all it does nothing good so I always encourage people to find the type of movement that they love some like swimming some like dancing some like running or walking I have found in my life personally that what keeps me motivated and wanting to exercise is switching it up I have had years where I go religiously to gym then I had a big moment of running I actually still love running but that's something I'm not able to do physically right now then I now have these walking Spurs I also stretch and do a little bit of yoga I keep it interesting and I keep it fun and what motivates me is thinking about when I'm old and I hope this will motivate you as well obviously we will all age and get old but you can't prolong your kind of Youth by moving your body and it will also help you to be more fit it will help your gut health and your heart and at the end of the day if we're talking about weight loss that is the thing that will help you burn calories if you're a person who hates exercising I would really maybe evaluate what it is that you hate about it and trying to understand is there anything that you do enjoy and uh think about if someone in your life has maybe minimized what you love in movement because that can sometimes create that feeling of it's not worth it and I want to go back to walking because walking is such a good example it's something we've heard a lot that walking does nothing really it's not as effective as I don't know weight lifting or running and that's just not true walking is a form of exercise and it is low impact and by low impact that means that it is just nice and easy for your body and it's something that everyone can do and this is why I recommend walking to you in case you still don't know what form of exercise you enjoy walking is something that everyone does and it is so doable and it's still a form of movement and then you know from there you can explore maybe you want to do a little run here and there maybe you want to do some I don't know dancing it doesn't matter just move your body it will move everything inside of you mentally emotionally and physically this is actually something that I started to religiously pay attention to a couple of years ago when I read a book about sleeping and how chronically sleep deprived people are and this kind of changed a lot in me we will all have instances where we don't sleep enough it's life sadly but this is something you should be striving for there are many many studies you can look it up you can Google it or research it that show that sleep deprived people are more prone to weight gain and I think there are different factors for this but I can actually speak from my own personal experience when I was working night shifts when I was still in uni I was working at a casino I you know I would sleep a little bit during the morning and then I would study during the day and work through the nights and I felt so exhausted not only in a physical sense which obviously is the case because I wasn't sleeping but also emotionally that sweets and sugar gave me that energy and I kept eating all of the that junk food a lot to kind of keep myself going so this is just one aspect of sleep deprivation you will then find sources where you can gain that energy and in the end your body won't recover properly like it should during sleep and it a lot of will go down and disbalances will happen and all of that because you're not giving yourself the basic function of sleep so pay attention in your life if you're trying to lose weight and to be more fit are you sleeping those seven to eight hours and I'm being very generous when I say seven to eight because the book actually says minimum eight minimum eight uh and there are so many studies that show the difference even between six hours a night and eight hours an hour night how much clearer your head is how more like your energy level levels are sufficient so there are many many many benefits so remember sleep sleep as a fellow stress addict I understand how difficult it might be to hear those words but uh sadly it is true you're more prone to weight gain and all sort of health problems if you stress to be honest stress is kind of a human killer for everything really it brings all sorts of diseases so why wouldn't it bring also weight gain it does just horrible stuff now stress is actually good for humans you know it was designed for a purpose it was designed for us to I don't know escape a bear if a bear comes our way and to really focused so stress is needed but the problem is nowadays because we don't have any bears to escape unless you live in the woods and Escape Bears every day that's very stressful I feel for you because we don't have all these problems we now find stress in absolutely everything and before we know it it's kind of become a part of functions now when we stress our cortisol level spikes when our cortisol level spikes there are different functions in our body that kind of slows down maybe that's why you've noticed that when you stress kind of your your tummy can hurt or you can feel a little bit off especially women if you go through stress a lot your reproductive system gets affected you lose a period or your period is now late all of this can come from that stress so obviously the way you eat the way you process food the way your hormones work all of that can be affected which can then lead to weight gain some of the things that have helped me a lot is going on walks very very good for your mental health meditation gratefulness like writing in a gratitude journal or just being grateful and then also an approach that is very random but has helped me a lot is saying it there are some things where if you learn how to say just it you really learn to believe it and you understand how many insignificant things there are in your life that you stress about and it's hard at first but once you learn these I promise you that it becomes easier and easier and your body will only thank you if you learn how to be at peace [Music] is the most important tip of all I know I say that about all of the tips but I feel like this is a good way to end these there's no point in doing anything dieting or eating a certain food or exercising if it doesn't lead to sustainable lifestyle or results this is why this video is called how to lose weight and be fit forever you can only be fit forever if you find a lifestyle that for you is doable forever let's say you hate a certain vegetable if you hate that vegetable but you keep eating it because you've read that somewhere it's a good vegetable I promise you you will either live a very miserable life because you're eating something that you hate or two you will quit very fast it's the same with quick fix diets this is why I don't believe in them that's why I don't stand behind them even a little bit they do not work you have to ask yourself do I just want to lose weight in I don't know a week or do I want to look in this way like in my ideal weight and be in my ideal weight and look the way I want to and love forever and I think most of us will answer forever so you have to understand and kind of look through what are the little habits and things you can do that for you is sustainable and forever this is what is sustainable for me currently way in my life I eat primarily what I would say are healthy Whole Foods I love and I have learned actually to love them so also remember that a lot of things you can learn to love I have found the spices that I love I eat good food I cook a lot because I love to cook I drink a lot of water I think that's kind of we all know that you need to drink water and I move my body every single day I stay away from sugar and sugary drinks because I just know that they are bad for me but that being said when I go out or if I'm in a party I will have a drink I will eat ice cream and crisps and chocolates when there's an event I don't restrict anything to myself because I have found that that wouldn't be sustainable when I restrict I immediately want that food so I don't restrict I just prioritize Health in my life I have formed a lifestyle that for me is sustainable a lifestyle that I know that I will be able to do for the rest of my life I want to quickly tell you a little story I actually thought for the most of my life that I Am Naturally very skinny and I'm probably there's definitely genetics but I think about eight nine months I accidentally noticed that I gained about two kilograms which is four pounds and again it might seem like it's not a lot lot but for a slim person for a skinny person that's actually you know it's it's like unexpected or it seems like a lot when I analyzed it I immediately knew that it wasn't a random thing I never think that these things are random it was because my lifestyle changed um I don't want to go into it way too much like there are different videos where I talk about this where I was just tired I was tired and overworked and I ate a lot of junked and so I gained a little bit of weight but the minute I went back to my lifestyle the way it just kind of went off and that's because I have found things that work for me now we can always be healthier and we can always be less healthy so this is not about comparison this is all about finding and understanding what little things you can do in your life and just a final tip I feel like I keep saying and another tip don't try to do everything at once if you're like me this will overwhelm you and you will quit everything I got here today with the healthy habits I have not in one day okay this is years this is I formed a relationship with all of this so try to implement tiny things that seem to you sustainable maybe everything that I mentioned to you does not sound sustainable that is fine find something that is sustainable and doable to you and a bonus tip number 11 I bet you didn't expect that is stay away from sugary drinks and drink water instead I always think that sugary drinks are a waste of calories like I would rather eat my calories because they don't really give you satiety but you still consume calories such as it's just a waste of calories Gus loves sugary drinks and I always try to like say to him like maybe limit a little bit and he's like nah I don't care I love my sugar drinks but that's just a bonus tip if you want to try to lose weight I think that's probably one of the best and easy tips to kind of include because that doesn't take away like that love you have maybe for unhealthy foods but if you just take out the drink that's already like you know you're taking out a lot of calories from that so if you can learn to love water I love water with lemon that's just that's just it's perfect I'm wishing you all the luck in your weight loss fitness and health journey I know how personal it is to each and every one of us and remember that no one else will understand what exactly you're going through except you so trust yourself and love yourself I know it's so cheesy I used to think it's so cheesy to say that but it's so important because you will make much better decisions about health and food when it's coming from a pace pace I ruined it I ruined such a beautiful sentence from a pain from a place of love thanks again for watching and I will see you next time bye [Music]"
CHEAT DAY // in n out, pizza & donuts!
"hello everyone today I'm filming my very first cheat day video I'm basically copying definitely butter more and Megan McCombs type of videos where I just eat whatever I want all day until I'm full it's not gonna be like a challenge or anything like the ten thousand kind of challenge I'm not even gonna count my calories like they do because I that's too much work I'm just gonna eat whatever I want to um full if you guys want to count the calories for me go ahead but I don't think it's important so I'm just gonna get right into the video first stop was this bakery close to where I live I got treats obviously I got doughnuts did you have - I'm having a cheat day and then I got a lemon bar I'm gonna have the cream stuff doughnut this is what it looks like it's really big like damn okay I'm just gonna get right into it cuz I'm [\xa0__\xa0] hungry oh by the way guys it is 12:10 so I'm starting eating now because I had to take a shower and do all that stuff my phone that was so good always I've been eating really healthy for the past week so I deserve this okay mmm mmm it's so moist and there's like sure on the bottom there [Music] okay so next I have the jelly filled donut that one looks really good I love Jerico donuts this is what it looks like when they take a bite these donuts are like different than regular Donuts these alike really gourmet look at that [Music] the raspberry filling literally tastes like I got fresh raspberries swish them and made them into like this delicious Jam [Music] it's raining outside feels like a really gloomy rainy day and I love it it's such a great day for a cheat day that's what I usually want to eat when it's like cold and rainy when it's hot I'm not like that hungry I'm gonna eat the lemon bar that I got this lemon bar so good okay first bite this is so good it's like really good pie crust and then there's lemon it's like tangy and sweet it's not too tangy though [Music] because I feel so relaxed right now chillax has anyone said diet like ten years [Music] so smokin okay so my sweet tooth is not that big like I really prefer salty and like pickled foods way more I mean obviously I love sweet stuff and eye candy all the time but I can't eat that much sugar and one go like I don't know how some people just eat like a whole cake in one go I could never so right now I'm gonna go get something to satisfy that salty tooth it's not a thing [Applause] [Music] I got back home the grocery store was hectic because it's Super Bowl Sunday so I just grabbed some stuff and I got out of there as quick as possible even though that was like an hour it's 124 right now you're probably wondering where Harrison is he's actually sleeping he just went to bed right now because he spent all night writing an essay and just here by myself with my chips and dip this is totally so good it looks kind of nasty to be honest but it's really good bean dip wok of sour cream and then cheese on top of olives and tomatoes [Music] I'm also gonna be drinking this aloe vera grape soda from Japan I think come by [Music] [Music] [Music] look at this one that's bizarre but it's not like a back [Music] oh gosh oh I think I'm gonna stop eating this now I play something for Harrison save some for later it's pretty satisfied for now which is good next I'm gonna have some gusher just gonna have a packet I got these all red ones because if you don't do that you're weird basically just fruit flavored snacks fruit these ones are strawberry flavors like gummies that have a filling that gushes in your mouth [Music] okay so I'm done for now it's around 138 I'm pretty cool for now so just gonna chill out probably read something and then I'll get back to you when I'm hungry again which will probably be really soon so season three of its data [Music] yeah back so it is around 455 right now a reason why it's so late and I haven't eaten is because I went to see like how Harrison was doing cuz he was asleep and he looks so cute he was sleeping and so I hooked him and then I just fell asleep I slept for like a good two hours that was a really good nap I got in now it looks so good I got a animal cell fry and animal saw cheeseburger before you guys come at me saying that I hate animal cell fries we're in an uprise I don't hate in an out fries okay in and out fries are good they're just not as good as McDonald's fries let's all [\xa0__\xa0] these looks so good mmm yes these are heaven eating in the car is hard oh and just start writing thing bottom will warm in the car eating Emmel stop fries huh now I'm going to dig into the burger [Music] [Music] okay I'm done and my burger I'm feeling pretty satisfied right now I'm not like insanely full or anything but I'm satisfied on a normal day I probably like this would be full to me but this is not a normal day this is a cheat day guys so I'm gonna go hard on this really craving Wings right now probably because it's Super Bowl Sunday and like everybody's eating wings and I keep seeing them everywhere so I'm like craving wings anyways I'll see you guys when I eat again bye right now Harrison the sleepy thing woke up wearing any pants yeah so we're just gonna eat some dip and chips and gushers and we're watching Harry Potter right now we're having a Harry Potter marathon and we're boycotting the Super Bowl about sports at school oh yeah how's dip really good you like that dear oh you like that ooh for our last meal we got Domino's pizza and wings shitty ass boneless wings of Harrison God oh yeah these those look so good it has mushrooms olives extra cheese and bacon so this is our feast for tonight I'm really excited yeah Pizza it's so cheesy I got extra cheese mmm I will get your extra fee uh-huh [Music] well we pizza butter I've had a really good day of eating look that cheesy [Music] [Music] you"
"[Hello!] I gained so much weight because I've been eating all I wanted for the past few months I decided and turned on the camera to go on a strict diet for a week I drink one cup of warm water on an empty stomach as soon as I wake up This is good for your stomach, and it boosts your metabolism I will mainly eat apples, tomatoes, bananas, eggs, and Greek yoghurt for a week Breakfast: Greek yoghurt + granola, half an apple The diet I will be doing is not healthy because of the sudden reduction of food and calories I recommend you lose weight with a healthy diet and workout if possible! Apple is a must in breakfast because it helps with bowel movement during a diet I will drink 1L of water every day! I thought of drinking 2L, but I don't really drink much water, so it was too much for me Preparing lunch I will be having breakfast and lunch only during this diet It's easier to peel eggs if you add a little bit of vinegar and salt while boiling them Lunch: One tomato, two boiled eggs, one pack of Almond Breeze Having blueberry for today Breakfast: Greek yoghurt + blueberries, half an apple Thanks for the meal Lunch: One banana, one boiled egg, one pack of chocolate Almond Breeze It's been a while since I had the chocolate flavor, and it was so good! Even when I'm on a diet, I always take supplements I always take omega 3, vitamin C, vitamin D I take probiotics and digestive health supplements as well in the morning Lunch: One banana, two boiled eggs, one pack of Almond Breeze Breakfast: Greek yoghurt + blueberries, half an apple On day 4 of my diet, I can feel my body getting lighter when I wake up in the morning Lunch: One tomato, two boiled eggs, one pack of Almond Breeze Breakfast: Half an apple, Greek yoghurt + granola Lunch: One banana, two boiled eggs, one pack of chocolate Almond Breeze Chocolate Almond Breeze and banana go really well together! I wanted to drink a cup of warm tea today Breakfast: One banana, Greek yoghurt + granola, a cup of tea I love the smell of refreshing tangerine Lunch: Two boiled eggs, 6 cherry tomatoes, one pack of chocolate Almond Breeze Day 7! It's finally the last day of the diet! Breakfast: Greek yoghurt + blueberries, half an apple Lunch: One tomato, one boiled egg, a cup of iced americano Today, I'm drinking the iced americano that I bought when I went out instead of Almond Breeze One week of diet has finally ended! Although I still have a lot to go for my goal weight, I will lose weight with a healthy diet from now on Once again, this is not a healthy diet, so don't follow this!"
Everything Yolanda Hadid Eats in a Day | Food Diaries | Harper's BAZAAR
"Hey, good morning. Are you ready to spend the day at the farm\nwith me? You are what you eat. It's just a fact. But it doesn't mean that in my household we\ndon't have pizzas flying around sometimes or hamburgers. You know, I have kids and they love their\nstuff. But I also think that as a Mom, we lead by\nexample, so I continue to do all my organic, healthy stuff. You know I like to start my morning with a\nglass of lemon water. So it's very simple. You take a half lemon. I'm the queen of lemons. Just because they have so many health benefits. It alkalizes the gut. It's cleansing. It has a lot of nutrients in it, so it's just\na great way to start your morning. You know I don't really drink coffee. I love matcha with goat milk, so I usually\ndo that, but always maybe like 15 minutes after I have my lemon water. Mmm. Yummy. After my lemon water, I do oatmeal. Just because it's easy. It's quick. Really gives you great energy to get through\nyour morning. And then I really think that we don't have\nenough fat anymore in our diet, so I always put a little bit of organic butter with this\ncute little butter dish that Gigi made when she was maybe like 8 years old. I like to put a little bit of almonds on it. Just add a little protein. Then I like to use different fruits. Right now I'm into strawberries just because\nit's very low in sugar. Sometimes I put organic honey. But then I also like to use stevia. And if you can get used to the taste, I think\nit's a much better and healthier choice than white sugar. You know, I really love breakfast. There's something about it. It's a moment where I give gratitude to my\nbeautiful life and having this amazing food--organic food in front of me. And you know I love looking outside and seeing\nthe cows, the geese and the connection with nature. I also think it's important to take your time\nto eat breakfast. You know you can do it in ten minutes. It doesn't need to be an hour. But just this moment where you just check\nin with yourself before you start your day. So for lunch I always like to have a salad\nand some sort of protein. Today I'm going to do a arugula salad. I like to make a curry chicken with some grapes\nin it, some onions. It's just boiled organic chicken and I put\nthe curry and mayo and onions and celery and all that stuff. I do like it on top of my arugula salad. This combination of brussels sprouts, some\ncranberries. A little bit of that on it and then just a\nlittle bit of dressing that I made with olive oil, honey, a little vinegar. I'm really loving going to the Farmer's Market\nand see what's available in this season and use that in my kitchen. A little bit of salt and pepper and that to\nme, is just the perfect lunch. So my favorite afternoon little snack, a little\npick me up, is a goat milk, which I use preferably, because it's so much easier to digest than\nregular milk. And you just boil a cup. I'm obsessed with cardamom and cinnamon and\nI boil that, stir it. It's just a wonderful little afternoon pick\nme up. And then I sweeten it with honey. Mmm, I love it. We use cardamom in lemon cake. We use cardamom in goat milk and my kids love\nit, because their Grandmother, in the Arab kitchen, they use a lot of cardamom, so they\nkind of learned it there. It's just a wonderful afternoon pick me up. So I like to make my dinner my lightest meal\nof the day, only because I go to sleep very early so it doesn't give you much time to\ndigest anything else. So I love to do any kind of soup. I make it easy and start with an organic chicken\nbroth, just for the flavor. You know you can obviously put in your vegetable\njuice, whatever you like. I love putting chopped garlic. I put my chopped carrots, onions of course. I mean best thing to flavor. Celery. And then a little bit of zucchini, which is\nalso great for flavor. Salt and pepper. I like to use Himalayan salt just because\nthere are so many great minerals in there. Add a little bit more carrot. Little baby gale. Baby, baby gale. Little baby gale. Little baby kale. I don't cook it too long because I don't want\nto overcook it. So you wait until it boils. So this is Bragg's natural yeast. And I love the flavor of that. When the girls come home late from work, soup\nis amazing because it digests so fast, because it's obviously boiled. But on a proper night, when everybody is home\non time, they love their spaghetti bolognese, garlic bread, salad. But this will do, you know, for a late dinner. You know I take such great pride in being\na homemaker. I think that when you have children, as a\nMom, I want them to keep coming home as long as possible and by providing a home that feels\nlike an anchor, a place where we can talk about memories and make new memories. We cook, we have a glass of wine and\nI think that's what life is all about at the end of the day. So I'm just going to leave this on the stove\nfor about 30 minutes, 30 - 40 minutes and then you have the perfect light dinner. I'm going to let this cool down. I think it's the perfect time to make a fire. So this is really my favorite part of the\nday. I just made this fire myself. Don't you agree--I'm becoming a really good\nEast Coast girl. Thank you for spending the day with me. And see you later. Ciao."
Everything Miranda Kerr Eats in a Day | Food Diaries | Harper's BAZAAR
"Good morning! This is Teddy. I'm Miranda. Do you want to come spend the day with me? So one of my favorite things to have first thing in the morning is hot water with lemons. It's a really great way to kind of kickstart your digestion. It's full of Vitamin C. Cheers! After I've made my hot water and lemon I'll then make a smoothie and these are some of my favorite ingredients to include. Almond milk. Fresh papaya. Spinach. Blueberries and raspberries. Almond butter. It's a great source of protein. And then last but not least. I add my little Kora Organics skin food supplements. So this contains noni. It contains acai. Blueberry. Matcha green tea. I used to drink it as a liquid but this is so much easier. It's nutritious and delicious. Delicious. This is one of Flynn's favorite things to have for breakfast. I like it 'cause they're healthy for him and he likes it 'cause they're really yummy. It contains a free range egg. Oatmeal and a little banana. Put them all in a blender. Now just turn this on. Add a little coconut oil. Make little mini pancakes. I'm just going to let the dog out for a second. Who let the dogs out! Who who who. Go ahead out. Sometimes I use two of these to get underneath there. So as you can see super quick and easy to make. And I'll add a couple of little raspberries. A little coconut nectar. It's important to do exercise that you really enjoy. For me, I really enjoy yoga. Just doing a few stretches and yoga poses, really helps me feel really energized and grounded and ready for the day. So for lunch I'm going to have salmon. with a little crushed garlic turmeric and fresh lemon with a side salad of sprouts and arugula cucumber, purple cauliflower, and avocado. And then I make a simple salad dressing with olive oil, lemon a little apple cider vinegar and a little sea salt. No matter how busy I am, I really try to take a moment and just really be present wiht eating and really enjoy my food. Hello? You know, I work all over the world and I do have an office at Kora Organics but it's nice when I get to have those days where I work from home because I get to to cook for myself and cook for the family. I know they really enjoy that and so do I. So one of my favorite meals to cook is my slow roast chicken. I add, onion, garlic, fresh lemon, turmeric, rosemary. I put it in the oven, it cooks for 7 hours. and then I have that with sweet potato mash. I just leave the skin on and you just pop them in to steam. So this is one of my favorite salads, it's super simple. We have cabbage here with baby spinach parsley, a little cilantro finely chopped cucumber, olives halloumi cheese, sunflower seeds pine nuts and celery. Bon appetit! Thank you so much for joining me today. I really hope you enjoy my recipes. Now you'd better get going 'cause I have to have dinner with my family. Go on. Get! Go on! Bye!"
What we EAT in a DAY as Victoria's Secret Models
"good morning guys I'm super excited for this video because today I'm gonna eat us jasmine with jasmine it's gonna eat it's me and the funny thing is like I eat 80% of the time very healthy but for her it's the opposite so it's gonna be very interesting I'm gonna go prep her breakfast now and then we're gonna go to her house and wake her up I made my overnight oats you guys have seen this before and I'm gonna add the blueberries I'll wash them before I'm gonna put those on top then I'm gonna put some of these hemp seeds on there and then we're gonna add a teaspoon or know a tablespoon of this almond butter I'm sure she's gonna hate this consistency Lauren hates it too because it's like fairy I don't add a lot of water so it's like very heavy to eat [Music] so we made it to Justin's house I think she's upstairs I can hear it looks gorgeous but I'm not sure how hey oh my god it smells so good I hope you took some supplements before coming and eating all my fatty food I actually brought some supplements I needed some digestive enzymes but I also brought you something okay it really helps with digestion food I think you are gonna have a really hard time with digesting my food because it's very heavy on the stomach so you might not be able to finish it all because I definitional I mean you know how I eat I eat like it's all first tiny portions yeah and I eat again in like five minutes yeah that's true so you're gonna have a hard time with that one but you don't have to finish it and I may make a shot for you what are these ones those are I got them Santa just of enzymes but apparently they help with they just digesting so I only take them area like if I go to cash for like something right you like heavy food that my buddy's not used to I know I'm like staring at my plate like like I told them before that you're not a sweet tooth no no and I am what's in it chocolate protein powder Lawrence hates it because it's very sweet there you go do you shot it no I just it just seems like right here yeah I used to take a shot of it like every morning and you do it every morning sometimes know when I travel though yeah because you have to travel the thing so maybe I should buy like Apple sitter like supplements oh they have this yeah very strong there we go what else is in here okay so there's like chocolate protein peanut butter or almond butter usually almond butter better give you the the Hawaiian peanut butter that was and then it has hemp seeds chocolate protein powder and blueberries okay you're ready what is this that's just water with lemon you would like it so drink it with my foot or before I drink it with it I but I drink like water with lemon throughout the whole day yeah yeah I just because they don't like the taste of normal water so then I do you like yeah make it a little better so do you normally eat with your hands yep no oh yeah ken's oh yeah it's a gourmet service here she's gonna die it's like so thick and so sweet it's not gonna like it we're gonna go work out an hour and I'm very afraid that she's not able to move because it's such like a have anything in the stomach a little fairy princess for you I eat them I take the supplements before my foot right okay I'm really nervous about this because you said it's sweet mm-hmm and I don't eat sweets like do I put it I'd like to put it on top and kind of make like a little open sandwich kindness okay and then I like rip the bacon and like put a little like bacon bits on a rip the bacon all right with your hands okay you're nice you can be a lady okay but do you you stir this or it's already stirred I stirred it and then you take like each bite with a little bit of peanut butter okay here goes nothing I don't even know how to do it you do it bite by bite this is like a dessert what early how do you eat this every morning you're so sweet I'm just in bit I'm so excited for the next morning no mm-hmm I mean I think it's really good but it was very sweet how's yours over there salty it's gonna bring but I mean it's not bad I mean salty yeah what's your other like typical breakfast like if you're not doing this if you're like on so sugar you know me okay avocado toast what does that it mmm or a nasty bow that's evil there's a good one somewhere around here but I had recently and I want to try them the back here Bulls have you been there apparently those ones are very good mm-hmm so live organics mm-hmm it's very good so life is really good yeah yeah I want to go there again I have a really nice one in Malibu okay so wait you put just oh yeah have you been doing no meet yeah hopefully it doesn't say so I'm not sure how much meat you're gonna give me today but you don't have to eat it all honestly a really great sir who's right hmm and that keeps you full Farrell along with us the oats are just like very slow it's like carbohydrates don't for me to swallow it stuck yeah it's gonna sit in your stomach like a like a stone like a weight yeah sometimes I even make some open up through it so it gets like a little less sick liquor no milk and good any cuts no no okay look how could you get there but Lawrence also hates it he's like I hate to taste a protein what is he to sweet breakfast eater it's something like this or like his oatmeal but then without anything in it like plain and I find oatmeal without any protein like super boring I don't discuss things like Carr told me did you put anything on the toast butter um I haven't had dairy in a while as well I'm gonna have energy for the workout it would honestly take me like an hour to finish all this because it's so thick yeah that's true but honestly it is really good I just don't know if I could do it every day every other day and maybe a little less do you ever put any other type of fruit in here um I love blueberries but sometimes I do like outer berries hey Mookie are you hungry too maybe mommy has something for you mmm she likes a bacon oh you like the bacon hmm help you Oh snorts when she bites it mm-hmm so today we're going to do doc phones mm-hmm are we working out with Yeti Oh perfect I've never worked out with him but you said he was um he's really good and like using your own body weight so what should we work out you do like full body your legs you know what to do mmm I'm saying full body okay that's good I haven't done any weights for a little bit we might take a look in your fridge oh there's a cake in there I can already predict what's in there probably energy drink mm-hmm that the blue one Red Bull no the one in the orange with the orange like top you always have Gatorade yeah then maybe there's some eggs bacon and water mmm maybe Red Bull no I don't know if you're doing red bull Bullard I think protein drinks hmm I think that's pretty much it I think it's gonna be fairly empty yep I only grocery shop when I have like having friends over or something that I'm like forced to go to the store and if otherwise I just order it or we go out to eat most of the time what's your favorite thing to orient toward rt my close mates yeah pop pop eyes I never had pop eyes oh my god it's so good but it's so far otherwise I would have taken you today what is it like chicken fried chicken have fried chicken but what's really good it's like these spicy tenders amazing YUM yeah I love it but they're very spicy not very spicy you could also get like regular one okay I mean if I feel like you like the peanut butter I've basically just been in the corner like this eating new fear brother no I like it I like it I like it [Music] so we're heading to the duck pond to do a workout because to have a talk on Hannah laying out it's actually a really nice one it's super epic and I think we're gonna do a full body workout and yeah that's where we're gonna do so that's good oh I kind of Miss Sofia sure that we had like the show I know where towards yeah because wants to show was there I was so nice ooh I know the show would have been what yesterday yeah yeah yesterday I would have been so fit yeah I was like I went to the gym yesterday I was like you know on earth to PS show yes I'm going to the gym right yeah I should have done that because this here is very different compared to last year's yeah hopefully one day yeah I hope so Jim I really honestly don't like people keep this [Music] I do feel like after workout I have more energy that sometimes I'm very like tired in the morning maybe because I went out or something yeah and then like I have to go work out I don't want to but I know that if I move my body now I'll feel energized that I think the first like hardest step is like getting yourself to like a minute and then in a warm-up I'm like why do I always have to go through those first 10 to 15 minutes and then what's a minute I'm like alright did you ever drink like um coffee or much or anything before you workout like a caffeine boost so I never do coffee coffee it makes me super jittery and like I get like a headache after drinking I wasn't to like lattes for a little bit Oh like addicted to it for maybe like a month and then I started just feeling too jittery also because I don't eat much breakfast when I do eat yeah I think and then I tried matcha and I was obsessed with matcha for sometime and they say they do you don't get the jitters but I still get really jittery I have to just be really careful even like if I drink Coke or something with any sort of like super sensitive form is so sensitive so I kind of don't drink anything maybe sometimes I'll have like a English breakfast tea in the morning if I need like to really wake up but I put like a lot of milk in it so that it dilutes it a bit yeah yeah I'm so sensitive to caffeine like when I have too much mantra I get jittery - yeah but I love the taste you switched tomorrow right yeah okay coffee anymore no I feel like coffee gets me like a lot of energy and then I crash and like macho's more spread through the whole day [Music] [Music] [Music] I mean I'm looking at this menu now and I'm trying to see anything that like I would order two things on my mind but you're gonna hate so it's perfect that I'm gonna hate I'm gonna hate it but I never order it okay I don't think I'm very hungry yeah I got like like Jasmine hungry I already to read it ginger shut because that's the stuff that I do yeah yeah dude like that or no I throw it in my water actually the whole thing [Applause] like that yeah purpose do you use all the every time at lunch sure yeah wait this restaurant is completely vegetarian right yeah it is yeah I never got a vegetarian restaurant so I've been really hard time deciding I don't think I could honestly I don't think I could ever go vegetarian no no I like I love like chicken and meat so much but they has bad as I feel for like I just I crave it but then it is really good stop they're really tasteless still I have to do one day where I like go and like try it and no one tells me that it's not real good because I think it's also mental thing oh yeah I'm gonna try it I'm too hard timers like assisting two o'clock if I give up because avocado walk is amazing I like it also when it's a little bit spicy do you like cilantro because I feel like people don't like it or they feel no no and now they put like micro cilantro on everything micro yeah then you can take it off and it ruins honestly i start saying when I go to restaurants that I'm allergic to cilantro because they put it on everything urgent it's probably in this ginger so I'm not worrying as long as no cilantro okay I know what I'm get you want to tell me where you're gonna order me no it's wait till we order okay I feel like it's gonna be a bowl that you're gonna give me so I'm ordering full you know what is it oh she said it's her favorite so I mean we're ordering each other's nails and we totally different so yeah alright it's the whole day you are gonna have the chimichanga but it's a chimichanga so big fried burrito No then I can't walk him to yes good luck all right it was either that or the huevos rancheros yeah that's what I would eat well then I'm happy with that chimichanga [Music] and you know I would like it if it was popped oh yeah that's really good it looks good it's not bad not without the cilantro without the cilantro it looks pretty good thank you that is you're gonna die I'm gonna die but am I gonna be I'm gonna be eating in Jasmine proportions yeah eat like me so I will eat like that much of it taking this cilantro up so these days for camellia man so I feel a little like I give you a little bit of avocado yeah all right you're gonna be parting on [Music] yeah so I can't be very good yeah it looks amazing that's right okay it works out I am proof yay I wonder what this is in there potatoes a little spicy you don't like spicy spicy I'm not used to it are you surprised I love spicy food yeah I like I like to add a little bit more no more a little bit more ok let's swap for a second it actually does taste like that's like real meat the chorizo part right [Music] amazing okay but not today we go my child yes yes my child you could have a mantra [Music] we're gonna order in and we chose to kiya or gennyca that's what I call organics and I'm gonna order it what I would order myself and then wonder what I would or there you are you see perfect okay so I can't look right no you can't look at her eyes yeah I got it you got it yeah okay this one's fun but you had a burrito earlier so yeah it took I has great burritos oh let me see yoga stuff in your jaw I swear whatever I'm filming a YouTube video it's a cow I stared at the dog okay back to you oh I can't look at it no looking okay yeah yeah alright you press order no I didn't press order should I do it yeah okay okay alrighty I'm nervous so hi is really good yeah everything is good with ours good so we should be fine okay good now yeah all right what do we got and let's see what we have Oh surprise extra [\xa0__\xa0] why come on II thought it was for you oh sure I think oh I ordered you as well what is this Oh shaved Brussels sprouts that's you oh do you like Brussels yeah I - okay this is also for you what is that corn I love corn you got today there's some sauce on it so it should be fine this looks like the chicken tacos for you okay this must be your order like that you you picks this right yeah it's plenty a chips with cuacamole boxes are very hard to open yeah they are a burrito is it for me nope [Music] a bowl that's for me but it's a taco salad so it's very nice with chicken avocado tortilla corn I think you'll like it it looks good how do you feel about yours I'm gonna take a bite and see let's taste this corn Bon Appetit why don't you like corn just not your favorite not your thing oh very spicy yes ma'am oh that's right you said you don't like spicy earlier no and it's very spicy this is great also spicy and Sam mm-hmm try it oh maybe and must the bite I just got was the only thing mmm not compared to them but I don't hate it pretty spicy it's pretty spicy but I don't I wouldn't actually really [Laughter] oh my god that is spicy it didn't yeah there was no disclaimer for this there was no disclaimer for the spicy corn it just said corn yeah all right but it's it's not we can eat it you know I have to just about it go all right mmm I actually really like this I feel like never come back Rose I never need to have this number on this number tonight's your night yeah tonight it's taco night it's not Taco Tuesday but this one is very spicy - you went to my house one night photography a but we had pizza yeah yeah we have pizza on Taco Tuesday that's right I think we're gonna finish the food and then we're going to downtown LA for a fun night and I hope you guys like this video Thank You jasmine for being here - showing me your weight you eat but never again don't forget to follow Jasmine on her YouTube channel and you have to see you guys very soon [Music]"
"Hello  After I quit work, I live alone and ate well at home, so the pants that were loose no longer fit  I'm shocked I gained +10.6kg (23.3 lb) in 9 months..what happend to my weight  Breakfast : 1 banana + 1 soy milk I'm gonna go on a harsh diet for a week to get back in shape ! (No exercise, I'll workout after this short term diet ) I will have 1 banana+1 soy milk for breakfast and 2 boiled eggs + 1 tomato for dinner for a week I'll have two meals a day Eat low calories are important to weigh lose in the short term And a low-carb, low-salt diet help lose weight faster So I'm not going to eat the sauce Drink to the last drop Drink 2L of water per day I ordered 2L of bottled water to drink without forgetting I kept 2L of water in a conspicuous place to drink  Dinner : 1 tomato +2 boiled eggs I boiled 4 eggs, 2 for tomorrow's dinner Egg shell can be easily removed by using a spoon like this Bon appetit  The egg is cooked well with soft boil Lactobacillus & Vitamin B that I take every morning This is delicious (yogurt flavor), so I sometimes eat two :P It's been a long time since I felt hungry in the morning  I got a call from my previous company asking help for a day, so I'm going to work today Take my breakfast like this and eat it when I'm hungry at work It's lunch time :) I ate my breakfast right before Pie in the sky  Let's zoom in instead of eating I was so sleepy that I drank a third of my latte Prepare dinner as soon as I get off work I wish this water is for making ramen  I boiled the eggs yesterday, but I forgot and boiled them again Peeling eggs pear-scented sparkling water  This sparkling water has a strong sparkling and good scent  I enjoyed the meal Breakfast : 1 banana + 1 chocolate flavored soymilk Chocolate soymilk  I bought it because good reviews It's higher in sugar than regular soymilk, but I really love chocolate flavor  It's rich taste and delicious ! Banana are ripe well and sweet  Eating breakfast watching my favorite TV program  I want to eat more this choco flavor soy milk  I'm bored of the same diet every dinner, so I just changed my plating  Pineapple-flavored sparkling water today  The third day of the 7 day was the most dull and lethargic to me But I'm trying to cheer up to wear pretty clothes It's been 4 days, my stomach looks a little flat  The change makes me full of will  I'm reflecting on the days I've been eating habitually until right before I went to the bed Dinner : 2 boiled eggs + 1 tomato I enjoyed the meal I've been craving grilled bananas since last night Add a slice of butter and grill a banana Looks yummy  Cinnamon powder Breakfast : 1 grilled banana + 1 soymilk It melts in my mouth I think I can eat it everyday  Dinner : 2 boiled eggs + 1 tomato Breakfast : 1 banana + 1 chocolate soy milk I ordered another box of this chocolate soy milk, I love it There's only one egg left I have no choice but to eat only one egg for dinner tonight It's finally the last day A glass of water as soon as wake up in the morning Breakfast : 1 banana + 1 soy milk Eating while watching drama I enjoy these days Dessert time Iced Americano I boiled the eggs for dinner in the morning Dinner : 2 boiled eggs + 1 tomato"
Trying the Victoria Secret Model Diet for 7 days (HARD!!!)
"hello everyone so for today's video i'm gonna be eating like seven different victoria secret models for seven days [Music] i have been eating super super super unhealthy lately for example i had m m's and chips for dinner yesterday it's been really bad i haven't worked on three months let me tell you i have gained so much weight in the past few months and i feel like [\xa0__\xa0] i'm always tired and cranky and all that so i'm gonna be trying this diet see if it's gonna work um seems pretty hard because i'm a sugar addict i'm sophia i'm addicted to sugar 22 years old i have a severe problem i crave it every second and the not a lot of sugar at all if any it was at this moment that he knew he [\xa0__\xa0] up um so for day one the first model that i'm gonna eat like is stella maxwell she is beautiful like stunning let's go let's do this let's eat like so maxwell so this is some of the food i got from mostly trader joe's for example there's like a lot of veggies lots and lots of salmon hummus almond butter almond milk avocados granola i noticed that they ate a lot of eggs like scrambled eggs in the morning so i got a lot of eggs some blueberries got like a whole roasted chicken because i'm a lazy [\xa0__\xa0] and i'm not about to like be cooking like slow roasted chicken all day so here's breakfast we just have two scrambled eggs and half an avocado and i'm gonna put some everything but the bagel seasoning on it because it's really good i'm also gonna be drinking a whole bottle of these a day because they drink so much water they're always like hydrate so yeah i'm gonna have to sell maxwell's favorite snack to munch on which are the crunchy peas lunch is ready i got salmon salad and some lemon to squeeze on the lemon on the salmon and another one of stella's favorite snack is almonds so i had a handful of almonds for dinner we had some rotisserie chicken and a big salad also we just started watching game of thrones it's really good so far i know we're really related to the game but whatever it's day two today we will be eating like victoria's secret angel romy stridged she's absolutely gorgeous stunning cute adorable and what's awesome about her is she has her own youtube channel and i can actually follow exactly what she eats in a day so that's gonna be sick for breakfast she said she had this chia pudding so i have chia seeds almonds blueberries almond milk and protein so this is breakfast it looks interesting i don't know if i'm gonna like this i'm gonna try a spoonful for lunch we went to a cute little shop and got an acai bowl i got goji berries on mine and harrison got like a peanut butter banana one he's doing this diet with me because he's a really sweet boy and he's really nice i love acai bowls they're so good and tasty and i wish i can have them for lunch every day to be honest they're really tasty and i think they're healthy i don't know so romy says she used to have like five to six or seven coffees a day and she's trying to cut back so i'm just gonna have a black coffee i don't drink coffee at all like ever just gonna try to see if it's good and scared try it well don't burn yourself we're like going across tastes like ass it tastes like um poison so this is romy's lunch that she had in her video couscous green beans cabbage salmon avocado yum yum yum yum looks so good i can't wait to try it for day three i'm gonna be eating like miranda kerr so she actually has a video on youtube where she explains what she eats in a whole day and she says that she gets star in the morning with some hot water and lemon and that it boosts the immune system and the metabolism or whatever then i had her delicious breakfast smoothie that had almond milk almond butter spinach mango blueberries and raspberries he had papaya in hers but i literally think papaya tastes like vomit so i'm just gonna stick with mango for this one lunch was a basic [\xa0__\xa0] salmon and salad dinner was sweet potato mash and chicken and then a nice big salad with halloumi cheese so can we take a moment to look at miranda cruz portion size is like it's day four today i thought i'd give you guys like a little update i'm feeling actually really good like i thought the diet would be really hard and i would be like no i need snacks i need candy because like usually i always eat candy or chocolate or something sweet but for some reason this really satisfies me i don't know i think the calories are literally just enough for me i don't feel hungry i don't feel like too full i feel like just right you know at the end of the day i'm not starving i'm not stuffed but i'm good you know but anyways today we will be eating like kendall jenner let's see how she eats you guys for breakfast she says she likes to have avocado toast and scrambled eggs this was actually really good and tasty and i liked it a lot i'm editing right now and i'm feeling a little peckish so kendall jenner says for snack she tends to have hummus and raw veggies so here we have carrots orange bell peppers and cucumber so that was good good snack lunch was chicken and rice i also like to put some salad dressing in my rice okay don't knock it till you try it's actually really good thank me later apparently kendall jenner likes to make this fettuccine and peas pasta apparently that's like the only thing she likes to make apart from her scrambled eggs so i'm going gonna be making that for dinner today here i have fettuccine onion garlic peas a little bit of salt pepper parmesan and lemon ready it looks pretty good actually what do you think was it good on day five i like jasmine tooks it started out really good until i got really hungry and craved carbs so i left over kendall jenner's pasta from the night before oops my bad sorry not sorry for jason excited like lindsey ellingson it was actually really nice but at this point i was feeling really like deprived of junk food so it was kind of hard to be honest hello today is the last day of the victoria secret diet it's been really good i'm gonna give you guys like the whole scoop how much weight i lost if it's worth it if it's good all that stuff at the end of the video but right now for the last day we're going to be eating like beautiful model bella deed melody is an interesting one because you know how all the other models eat pretty like healthy and low calorie well i found an article bella hadid talking about what she eats and this is what she said quote unquote right now my diet is pizza so recently that's all i've been eating i promise you look like every day or burgers french fries grilled cheeses i promise you guys she does not eat like that every day i mean i understand being really naturally skinny and being able to eat like that but bella used to look like this and now she looks like this so it's kind of obvious she's dieting really hard and working out extra hard and she's not eating grilled cheeses every day trust me guys but that kind of makes us believe like why can't we eat burgers and fries every day and look like that because like no one can i'm sorry but no one can eat burgers and fries every day look like that it's just not a thing it won't happen don't try it it's not a good way to lose weight or get fit but props to bella there's an updated version of what she said she likes to eat in a day and i'm going to show you guys next so let's go for breakfast bella said she usually has an egg sandwich on a plain bagel but i'm an onion bagel kind of girl i will not go for the plain so onion it is we just got our juices i don't know if i've ever had a green juice before in my life this one has kale romaine cucumber apple and mint sounds toaster so this one has cbd hemp and ginger so it's a ginger shot so bella hadid says that she likes to drink a ginger shot when she feels bad i don't know which one should we try first the the ginger shot i think it's the ginger shot because i don't want that to be the last thing in my mouth supposed to just down the whole thing at once yeah it's like a shot like shake rattle and roll okay shake we're out of the roll okay cheers cheers [Music] it's getting better the hell was that and then it got good i feel like i had a good thing curry i want one i want another one yeah oh that cbd made me feel so chill so is this not a meme is this real that's a real cheers cheers to that we like go bella now we're gonna try the green juice see how it is that smells nice smells very refreshing it smells like cucumber it's so good it's good that's so good pretty good it's not it's not that good junior shot was like mean it's kind of gross a little bit like i like it but then i hate it what about you it's all right like something about it it's like unsettling i don't know what it is i actually like the ginger shot better than this it was like spicy it felt like it was like helping my immune system oh my white blood cells oh yes oh my immune system is thanking me right now my circulatory system oh yeah yeah oh thanks for tuning in for a juice review lunch was kind of gross to be honest i had leftover rotisserie chicken and whatever veggies i could find in the fridge don't recommend then for dinner i had delicious pepperoni pizza bella hadith's favorite you can find like literally pictures of her eating pepperoni pizza like everywhere it's like insane this is me enjoying pizza after a long time of trying to be healthy i really really really really enjoyed it it was really good yum yum yum so i finished the victoria's secret diet what did i think let's talk about price people would generally think that eating like that and buying salmon and like fresh vegetables and organic stuff is really expensive but honestly if you're just getting those foods and cutting out all the junk you would get it's actually the same price or even cheaper for me at least we spent actually less money at the grocery store eating like that and we had breakfast lunch and dinner for two people for an entire week and it was cheaper because usually we go to the store we buy all these like gummies and ice creams and all that like snack stuff and like microwavable food that goes in like three days and we spent like so much money second are the calories enough i'm 5'4 so i think like to lose weight that's a good amount of calories for me let's talk about cravings as you guys know i'm a sugar addict we all know that for the first three days i was eating like salmon and all that stuff and it really satisfied me at first but then um i think it was kendall's day i had that like pasta that she made and that kind of threw me off i was like okay that's really good like then the next day i screwed up and then i was like really craving sugar and all that at least have some fruit on you because they don't need a lot of fruit but i recommend adding fruit to this diet if you like sugar as much as me just so you can satisfy yourself or did i lose weight yes i actually did lose weight i lost almost three pounds in a week which is pretty freaking good so five do i feel good actually i do i feel a lot better more energized my stomach is less bloated i wake up with a flat belly whose diet did i like the best honestly i really like stella maxwell's miranda curse and romy's those were really good i really like the salmon in the salad that's something i'm definitely going to be putting in my diet i'm really hypocritical because i just did this diet and now i'm about to go have a cheat day so that'll be up so go check that out but yeah um i'm not going to consider this a diet this is kind of a lifestyle change so i'm going to be implementing these meals in my daily life it's not really going to be a diet i'm not going to count the calories or anything i'm just going to be eating more salmon veggies if i'm hungry i'm just going to snack on like veggies and hummus like kendall jenner and i'm not going to bring out like a whole thing of chips so little things like that you don't necessarily have to diet to eat like this this is just a healthy lifestyle change and i feel like if you want to be healthy this is a pretty good diet except not valerie's because she eats grilled cheeses and pizza every day i guess no anyways guys thank you so much for watching my video i'm so happy that you're here i hope you guys enjoyed it i'll see you guys in my next video bye oh don't forget to like and subscribe bye"
I lost 7.3kg\uf8ff(11.3lbs) 5 days diet challenge | Diet vlog
"[Music] [Music] so guys I want to give you update on this one so basically this is my onee meal Series so this is the meals that I usually have or I had that help me lose several pounds of my weight today the first meal that I have is I have two BS in one medium dutch meal on the side of it and actually I didn't finish all the dutch meal because it's too sweet and I'm trying to remove all the sweets in my diet because I think it will make big difference to my diet if I remove completely all the sweets and now yeah I guess I wanted to have lemon tea just to refresh and detox a little bit [Music] [Music] [Music] heard it from a friend she was in our bed should have known better [Music] forward never knew I could alone I've [Music] yeah truth honey like hell like hell when you see leaving here with someone else the truth is that I it hurs like [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] he what [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]"
THE 50,000 CALORIE CHEAT DAY CHALLENGE!
"warning the following video you're about to witness features mass calorie consumption performed by a trained professional idiot under the supervision of well no one actually accordingly since i am that trained professional idiot i must insist that no one attempt to reenact anything seen in this video on october 17 2017 i took down 40 000 plus calories in one day since then i've eaten millions of calories in preparation for the next insane calorie challenge in this video i attempt to consume 50 000 plus calories in one day that's about 20 to 25 days worth of food for the average male the rules for this challenge are quite simple rule number one i have 24 hours to consume 50 000 calories rule number two there are no other rules mainly because of the absurdity of this challenge i can consume anything i desire to get to that calorie goal peanut butter milk candy i could even eat an entire humpback whale if i wanted i'm not really sure why i'd want to do that but i think you get the point ladies and gentlemen this is the 50 000 calorie cheat day challenge tomorrow i gotta eat 50 000 calories but before we do that it's time to go shopping [Music] all right everybody so tomorrow the madness begins now if you guys have watched calorie challenges for me before you'll know that i like to incorporate deliciousness like this in my videos but this is a calorie number i never thought i'd be going for so i got a lot of fun foods like that but i also have some very very calorie dense foods in the mix as well for example we got olive oil right here this container of olive oil right here has 12 000 calories in it that will come into hand this 5 pound jar of peanut butter has about 13 500 calories in it so i'll be most definitely making use of those tomorrow i'm gonna be waking up super early to get tomorrow's challenge started and for the first time in one of my calorie challenges i'm gonna be incorporating a restaurant challenge now that may be a good decision or it may be a horrible decision i don't really know but tomorrow i'm gonna find out that being said it's time to get this calorie challenge started here we are the golden arches almost 6 30 on the dot hi there can i get four hash browns please three bacon egg and cheese mcgriddles please one orange juice please i'm sorry our orange juice machine isn't working right now okay caramel macchiatos can you do those hot oh yeah would you like a small medium let's go ahead and do a medium please one cinnamon roll thank you awesome thanks so much take care it's krispy kreme i'm pretty sure i've had krispy kreme in like every calorie challenge so naturally i had to start here i just wanted to get an assorted dozen please one a hot chocolate please thank you awesome thanks a lot take care right thank you all right folks we got our deliciousness now it's time to get this calorie challenge underway all right folks it's time to get this started without further ado everybody this is meal number one of the 50 000 calorie cheat day challenge let's do this first i gotta break it open just like that all right [Music] oh i'm telling you guys right now nothing hits like apple fritter still [Music] kind of miss having a table right now all right so we got two four six donuts left let's go after the filled ones now there are two types of people in this world people that like filled donuts and people that don't like filled donuts i'm a person that loves food donuts [Music] custard filled [Music] all right so our first beverage is down now we've got some hot chocolate oh krispy kreme not only do you do donuts right but you do hot chocolate right oh that is good everybody today calories are just delicious points [Music] all right everybody while our first dozen donuts down i got some deliciousness in mcdonald's hash browns and the griddles but believe it or not this is actually the pre-breakfast my bigger breakfast is actually going to be in a little bit but i wanted to get a meal in before i go for my run after i finish this so i'm going to save the mcgriddles and the other deliciousness for breakfast but i have to get these hashbrowns oh [Music] nothing hits like mcdonald's house brands [Music] all right everybody well our hot chocolate our caramel macchiato assorted donuts and four hash browns are done so it's about 7 18 right now i'm gonna go and put the tall calories consumed right up there total macros will be right up there as well i mentioned it earlier but i do have a restaurant challenge planned for later so that along with the fact that i got to eat 50 000 calories today there's a lot of stuff i got to manage up here okay but i'm gonna try to pace myself to the best i can now that that's out of the way i gotta get my health and fitness on the run is all done now i'm gonna be attempting to eat 50 000 calories today there's no way i'm going to be burning 50 000 calories so that's why i'm getting all of my activity out of the way as early in the day as possible now that that's all done it's time for breakfast number two this is the breakfast of champions normally i try to stay away from liquid calories during my calorie challenges but today all that went out the window high calorie shakes are an essential when you're trying to consume 50 000 calories in 24 hours the other essentials are peanut butter and nutella and another much needed essential for this challenge coconut oil lots of coconut oil blend all that up with some hershey syrup and ladies and gentlemen you've got three entire days worth of calories that you can pour directly into three of your favorite cups [Music] all right everybody so we got everything assembled and ready to go just so you guys know what time it is it's about 10 20 july 15th we have mcgriddles we have these pancake hot pockets right here and a mashup cereal i've never tried before just came out and of course we have these epic shakes right here i just got to say right now i'm definitely going to be making use of my blender for for what i've got going on today because i'm definitely gonna need to get in a lot of calories pretty sure these three shakes right here between five to six thousand calories apart from that i got my coffee right here just in case i need it and also some milk anyways everyone i'm ready to get this started i'm gonna go ahead and put the total calories for this meal right up there for you all and total macros will be right over there as well it's time for meal number two i think we're gonna start with our hot pockets first but if you guys haven't already you know what you gotta do you gotta give the video a like if you happen to poop today anyways let's get started all right folks here we go three two one [Music] not bad [Music] hot pockets are down i don't know about those but i wouldn't buy them again i'd eat them again just not mine [Music] just pretend like [Music] ugh everyone it's like the cereal was liquid chocolate peanut butter [Music] this is almost too much chocolate and peanut butter i never thought i'd be thinking that but i am [Music] all right folks well for reese's puffs i'd say yeah i'm gonna say about half of those are left i love reese's puffs everybody but how much chocolate and peanut butter is in those shakes i'm gonna save half of that for another time these are some rich chicks as i eat a seven roll [Music] all right it's been completed and uh second shape is down now this is very interesting they've mashed up frosted flakes and apple jacks moment of truth here we go pleasantly surprised not bad how can you get a fire all this cereal probably wasn't the best choice this early on in the day there's another calorie challenge with her this is only the beginning [Music] zero's down all three of our shakes are down you know i picked this cadbury bar just to show some love to my european subscribers because i love you guys oh all right folks i think that's gonna wrap up meal number two i know i still have my snickers and twix over here i'm gonna save those for later i'm chocolate and peanut buttered out i'm gonna go ahead and total calories consumed right up there so far and total macroscopic so far we'll be right over there it's currently 10.56 right now like i mentioned earlier i got a restaurant challenge in a few hours but before i get to that it's time for me to get one final health and fitness session [Music] i feel like i just took a bath and reese's peanut butter cups the bike ride is down now it's time for a burger challenge how's it going we had a reservation i think it's a hall of fame burger yeah yeah yeah right at table 19 which is our main table okay sweet a few my friends actually have done this challenge before my friend natter did this and kevin ross did this i think they did it in just around 25 minutes and also rayna did this challenge i think reyna is the one that has the record for this at like 22 or 23 minutes now i'm going to show you guys this burger being made only four out of a couple hundred people have ever completed the mvp burger challenge today after about sixteen thousand calories i hope to be the fifth person this burger challenge features three massive one pound burger patties that are topped and stuffed with delicious cheese they also add in some pulled pork for extra deliciousness grilled onions and jalapeno peppers just to make things interesting and each slice of texas toast is strategically layered with garlic aioli for extra deliciousness they also add in bacon because what's a burger challenge without bacon and to add some much needed crunch to this burger they throw a ton of crispy onions on top after that step they sandwich another patty in between those crispy onions and if you're wondering at this point how this massive burger is going to be staying together you'll find out in just a few seconds to balance out the 8 000 plus calories they add some healthy vegetables to the mix and the final patty is loaded on top along with some pulled pork as someone who's done multiple burger challenges over the years the addition of the pulled pork is what made this burger challenge truly remarkable as we near the completion of the burger they load up the final layer with some jalapenos peppers and onions and then it's topped with one final slice of texas toast to keep this masterpiece from falling over they stuck it with some skewers but the secondary purpose for the skewers was for the topping some onion rings now the burger's the main challenge but we do need to get in some complex carbohydrates so they made sure to add fries on the side and just like that ladies and gentlemen it's game time alright everybody so we have the mvp burger right here this is delicious looking i'm not really too sure if i want to go for speed or if i want to enjoy this one i also got some fries over here and unfortunately we have pickles i'm not the biggest fan of pickles but you know when challenges have pickles in them you got to complete the challenge so there is a 30 minute time limit on this challenge if i'm able to get this down in under 30 minutes i get the meal for free and i get a sweet t-shirt as well i also got some ranch over here and i think i'm ready to get this challenge started without further ado this is meal number three three two and one [Music] absolutely sensational so there's actually cheese inside of the patties [Music] [Applause] all right everybody so we are four minutes in this is the best burger challenge i've ever done tastes absolutely amazing alrighty folks so all of our meat has been down we are six minutes and 50 seconds in now we get a little uh vegetarian sandwich right here [Music] [Applause] you guys have amazing ranch just got to say that right now [Music] my seven seven servings a day of vegetables [Music] [Applause] thank you so much appreciate it [Music] oh man those chili powders are hot oh [Music] all right so 12 minutes in now we have onion rings fries and pickles y'all do which car do [Music] fish pickles oh these are brutal all right everybody so the burger has been fully completed at 16 minutes now we just got our fries left you guys know we're all about exercise we're also about extra fries [Music] i don't know i think i'm full [Music] [Applause] oh man all right so 20 minutes in seven seconds the beast has been tamed that was an awesome burger i've done a lot of burger challenges in my life that was the best by far big shout out to uh jumul casino for having me out definitely if you're in san diego come out and check this place out they make amazing burgers i'm gonna go ahead and put total calories consumed right up there and total macros as well we'll be right up there so you guys know what time it is so it's 405 it's a date and time i'll take another one too cool oh yeah that's it sport club and then awesome sweet shirt as well thank you so much alrighty folks so we uh crushed that burger challenge this is my victory dessert [Music] sensational this is a strawberries and cream frappuccino because i gotta get some sort of fruit in today gonna do a little physique check right now for you guys cause you're probably wondering how does it look i can see your six-pack all right so we're gonna head back home i'm gonna take some recovery time and then get into meal four if i survive the ride now it's time to make meal number four for meal number four i realized that i needed to go back to doing what i do best creating sugary masterpieces that no sane human being should be eating themselves at least since it's summertime and i love s'mores and i love cookies i decided to make a massive 5 000 plus calorie nutella s'mores cookie now since this is loaded with calories ladies and gentlemen it fit in perfectly with my diet for the day as did this digiorno pizza at this point stomach space is becoming incredibly limited which is why i had to go back to the shakes oh those delicious delicious shakes to maximize my calories i added in this toll brown bar and some olive oil and as to be expected some hershey syrup and just like that i had about a day and a half worth of calories and to finish things off i added in some cookies and some trail mix actually a lot of trail mix all right everybody so it is time for meal number four uh i'm not gonna lie right now it's uh this is where it really gets really gets difficult but here we are it's been a long time since i've done like a crazy calorie challenge like this so uh trying to do the best i can i just gotta say if you guys are enjoying the video it would mean the world to me if you guys smash that thumbs up button and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already because you guys get to see more craziness like this because if this video gets 50 000 likes i will do this every single day for an entire week just kidding yeah definitely kidding uh but you should like the video anyways anyways everybody what time is it goodness eight o'clock and it's time flies when you're having fun okay so it is 807 right now you guys can see the time right there so i've how many calories did i have that's 500 3 000 500 it seems like i forgot something miscalculated something in my calorie totals for the day so i do indeed have to finish this pack of oreos okay anyways folks we have a 5 000 calorie s'mores nutella cookie right there like that is well i've made a sizable dent in this nutella jar all right i also made two very high calorie shakes again i put some olive oil in here for easy calories along with some hershey syrup and then we have our plate of easy calories right here with some cookies oreos and a lot of trail mix and just like that folks i think we're ready to get meal number four officially started i'm gonna go ahead and put the total calories right up there for you guys in total macros will be right up there as well without further ado this is meal number four this is how i cut my carbs okay you guys i had you had to give me one joke in this video okay it's like the free pass can't guarantee there won't be more of those and here we go let's go [Music] so far so good now it's time for an addition now you guys are probably wondering what wow sauce is it's actually my own little secret creation all right been making up some new stuff in the kitchen lately one of those things has been some sauce here we are w oh [Music] this is probably one of the dumbest things i've ever tried to do in my life actually i feel like i say that on a weekly basis so never mind [Music] all right pizza is pretty much down i'm gonna move that over to the side i'm not gonna waste some space right now on the crust what is this salted caramel brownie oreos apparently they're topped with salt not bad [Music] first shake is down oh man guys [Music] now at the moment of truth let's see if this massive nutella s'more cookie is gonna be star of the show oh snap oh yes there we go nutella s'mores cookie that is nutella central right there wow i don't even know why i'm bothering cutting this but at this point i don't really even think it matters [Music] don't do that at home remember i'm a trained professional idiot and it's a common occurrence on this channel that i just eat marshmallows nothing nice [Music] oh [Music] oh i guess you're right oh man what we have a little bit of our s'more cookie nutella thing left to get to this trail mix get some easy calories in oh oh everyone i just get to the point where i don't even know what i'm thinking or doing anymore i'm just shoving food down my throat i never happen to you guys can you do the same thing maybe not like this all right go small so i can take us down almost down oh my goodness everybody i feel like i'm but i'm about to give birth to a baby made of nutella how many hours do i have oh like one 10 hours left tonight's gonna be rough anyways let's put some wild sauce on this cookie right here i'm just kidding that's good but the wow sauce is more of a savory thing just let everybody that's been me owner before yeah i feel exceptionally terrible right now as is to be expected i'm gonna go ahead and put total calories consumed right up there total macros right up there as well this is now 8 44. everyone i just i i don't know if i can do this i think that that restaurant challenge earlier that may have been the bad decision of the video i mean there's been multiple bad decisions in this video i'm going to that job probably go for a walk and i'm hoping within the next few hours i get some hunger back i'm going for a nightly walk just get that circulation going get that blood flowing that digestion moving oh yeah the digestion is really starting to hit me right now [Music] i guess it's time for a midnight snack after spending about half of an eternity in the bathroom don't worry i wash my hands it was time for some more high calorie shakes at this point the thought of consuming solid food was pretty much out of the question so i did what i could which in this case meant going back to the shakes oh those delicious delicious shakes and because the last thing i wanted to do was have this meal just be me drinking a ton of shakes i gravitated towards the most calorie dense foods i could possibly eat trail mix and cheesecake oh and doritos strictly for flavor fatigue purposes all right folks so here we are i've been up for almost 24 hours now i believe it or not i was up at about 4 a.m yesterday morning it was crazy just saying that but yeah anyways here we are almost 1am july 16th looks like we have basically six hours left in this challenge got my ice cream right there yeah this is this is probably not gonna be that crazy of a meal because i feel like i'm a about to give birth and b i feel like i'm about to to fall asleep it's been a rough past few hours but here i am we got cheesecake trail mix doritos and the shakes i want to go and put the total calories right up there total macros i'll be right up there as well and uh let's get into it this is meal number number five you know number five chocolate chip cookie dough core these are purely for flavor 15 purposes [Music] [Music] what a day today's been what a day you know you guys are still watching up in this point if you guys want to see more calorie challenges comment down below doritos and don't forget to like the video and do it for me [Music] cheers [Music] [Music] please don't puke please don't puke please don't puke please don't puke [Music] oh so many nuts that's what she said [Music] i feel like my taste buds have been obliterated [Music] it's about 121 right now 12 calories put them right over there and uh total macros we'll be right over there and we're going to pull something together because i only got a few hours left oh i should say you guys know oh man oh man it's like i got it more baby in there because i was in dire need of some beauty sleep and with how exhausted i was after this meal i decided to close my eyes and lay on the couch for an hour nap unfortunately that hour nap turned into a seven hour nap all right everybody well it's the next morning fortunately i slept through my alarm and it is now the 25th hour is now 8 47 which means unfortunately i wasn't able to get 50 000 calories down within 24 hours you suck honestly everybody i was beyond tired with my eyes closed last night so unfortunately that's why i felt a little bit short but anyways folks we're here it's 8 47 in the morning and i'm gonna finish this challenge or try to at least 320 grams four hostess cakes i got some of the milk over here without further ado this is mule number six [Music] comment down below [Music] all right well peanut butter bowl is down be sure to stick around if you guys want to see my post challenge weight [Music] you're just like that everybody has been another challenge i'm gonna go ahead and put the total calories consumed right up there for you guys and total macros will be right up there as well if you guys want to see more videos like this don't forget to hit that thumbs up button also don't forget to subscribe to the channel i'm gonna go ahead and put another calorie challenge that i think you're gonna enjoy right alongside over there along with the playlist that i think you're gonna enjoy as well once again everyone hope you enjoyed the video i'll see you guys in the next crazy food challenge"
Ex Fat Reacts To TikTok What I Eat In A Day As A Fat Person
"[Music] hey guys welcome back to my channel welcome to another video today I'm going to be reacting to what I eat in a day as a fat person videos on Tik Tok basically I was on Tik Tok last night and I was scrolling through and I just felt like I went into a hole on a different part of Tik Tok that I haven't actually watched before what I eat as a fat girl or what I eat as a fat person I was going through all of the Tik toks and I was like you know what this would actually be a really good like video idea to just react to and give my like reaction and my opinions I say opinions just my reaction basically and what I think and see whether I relate to it as an exfat person myself I used to be moreid obes if you don't know who I am and this is the first video you're watching of mine yeah I was I was obese I was fat myself I used to weigh 269 and I started my weight loss journey and I lost 120 I share my journey here on YouTube so if you're interested in learning about weight loss Health Fitness or just my journey in general then be sure to subscribe and click the Bell button and if you enjoy this video please be sure to click that Thumbs Up Button if you're feeling extra kind extra nice today you can do it right now just get it over and done with it's free or you got to do is click and then if you if you see that the Subscribe button isn't clicked you just click that and then the Bell button right next to it will give you a notification every time I upload so you don't miss a video so you click that as well and then you can leave me a comment down below as well and you've done all three things and Bob's your uncle do you know what I mean let me know whether you eat like this whether you've eaten like it what your opinions are basically but remember to keep it kind in the comments this video is not to bash anyone I will be reacting to or to shame them or even tell them what they should eat cuz it's none of my business what they should eat but they've put what they eat on the internet and I'm just going to react to it in a nonjudgmental way if that makes sense like I'm not going to be mean to these people that's not my intention for this video to be mean or to PO little what they eat it's just as an exfat person myself just to kind of see and react to it basically it's just a bit of fun so let's just take that this video as like just a bit of entertainment a bit of fun and to just see how other people eat maybe why they might be overweight if that makes sense by what they eat so a little bit of Education in there H and maybe I could just suggest what you should eat if you are eating that and you want to lose weight or you want to make a healthier choice we can do that as well so that's what today's video is going to grab a coffee because I need a coffee and I've got it in my little cancer mug here cuz I'm a cancer so comment down below your star sign as well okay so first video What If fat girl eats in a day sh hash browns just hold on stop stop there you go sorry hash two hash browns and ketchup for breakfast that's not going to one fill me up if I just ate two hash browns for breakfast n you got to have some eggs with it you got to have some some bacon you got to have like some mushrooms some spinach so basically right what I'm going to do with this one is I'm going to say to actually have a POA breakfast there's nothing wrong with having hash browns I don't know if she put them in the air fryer or not in the beginning um but yeah you could air fry it maybe I I think Pete my personal trainer was saying he made his own hash browns you can actually make your own ones and in like the air fryer which I need to get an air fryer but yeah that's not going to fill anyone up like I wouldn't I don't think I even ever ate two hash brangs for breakfast like just on its own but I would say like just have like one hash brown have either like fried egg with like fright which is a one calorie spray and then you can have like turkey bacon and then fill up your plate with like lots of mushrooms lots of spinach bell peppers like slice them fry them up as well that's what I would normally have or like any veg or you can grill or tomato just make it like a lot more filling than two hash brown crisps potatoes so literally she's had two hash browns crisps and potato wedges I mean potato wedges with mayo I understand chips with mayo potato wedges with mayo if I was going to have like Mayo I would have um like ketchup and mayo or like sweet chili and Mayo like mix it but if you wanted to like make it healthier you can cut up your own potatoes and make your own chips and then the Mayo you can use that lighter than light mayo it's so much less calories and it tastes good anyway so yeah I would say that's what you could do or you can yeah with potatoes you basically cut them up spray it with like fry light salt pepper you can add some garlic powder paprika like season it how you want it and then what I do is I put them in the oven but obviously if you have a air fryer I feel like that would probably taste better and then yeah the extra like Mayo could do I guess she don't really care about you know she wants to be a fat girl I guess you know potatoes again she eating the potato I've never seen anyone eat like a jacket potato like a baked potato like that with cream cheese on it I've never I've never tried that but that's she's basically just eating potatoes the whole day so far with like a dollar of cream cheese and eating it like a that's so weird to eat like that do you guys eat a potato like I don't know I think that's a bit weird but there's nothing wrong with like a baked potato is that baked potato I SAR she was boiling a potato though Jack of potato is actually really good so when I have Jack of potato so I will I won't have like butter in it um or if I did have butter it would be the floral lightest butter that that's a lot lower calories because of the less fat in it I normally have like tuna with my lighter than like mayo and I mix that together I put that on top and then I will serve it with like a really big salad on the side and then I put Nando sauce on top or like the no added sugar beans and then eat lean cheese which is like a high protein low calorie cheese and I put that on top and then with a salad and then a bit of hot sauce yeah but that's how I have my potatoes and it's a lot more filling when you add the the salad on the side you're going to be full up I feel like she hasn't had any protein at all or veg okay yeah so she has got boiling potatoes she says a bit of butter and she chucks in the biggest amount of butter and may how I how do I make my potato before when I lost weight I did use to put so much butter in my pot mashed potato so like I would put butter in and then like I'd mash it and then I'd always add more butter and then I would like put butter on the top of it to melt cuz I just thought it tasted really nice but you're adding so many calories in by just doing that so if you wanted to make it like lower calorie which is how I would make my mashed potato now is I use like my unsweetened down with milk and if was going to add butter would be the lightest lightest Flora butter so it's like Flora lightest and I would literally add like just a teaspoon you don't really need that much and to be fair like I don't really feel like you taste much of a difference and then salt pepper and then season it like you know what I mean you can add a bit of garlic powder in there you can spice it up with a bit of paprika yeah it doesn't it doesn't need all the butter or even mayonnaise I mean I guess it probably tastes nicer but like you you don't have to add all that especially if you're trying to lose weight you don't need to be adding all of that creamy I don't know if it's the eggs or what but for dinner I had cheese and onion Mash guys oh my God this is such a banging dinner so easy and quick to make and literally stunning every time don't forget to put salt and pepper on it though just needs it if you have more time maybe like caramelize the onions and put them on top cuz that is stunning I can't have dinner without having dessert like literally more potato at least it's a different color I mean so far all I've seen is like beige like beige potatoes it's sweet potato what you putting on top hold on possible so I had one of my favorite desserts which is sweet potato and yogurt I've gone for vanilla you can go for strawberry sweet potato and yogurt that's so weird this is I would never this is this is weird I feel like why is she only eating potatoes such a good light dessert and it was late into the night and I'm not going to lie to you I was hungry again so I whacked these in the other little potato waffles and Ranch that's we today if you like this video follow me for more that girl so she basically just ate potatoes the whole day uh I mean if you're I know she's not technically trying to lose weight but if you're trying to lose weight yeah yeah definitely add some protein there some veg for some Fiber you don't need to have potatoes there's nothing wrong with eating potatoes or carbs but you you just not like only that you're not really getting much variety what I eat in a DAT as a fatty right let's watch this one hold on I love that double smoked ass so it weren't good okay cool that that did not look like coffee that looked like just milk what did she say oh that looks good I like Buffet too not going to lie I like I don't know am I allowed to put this video in she's saring we'll try we'll try yeah I like Buffet as well and sushi that look good I don't know what that fried thing was that she ate but that yeah that actually look good to be there is it she her face and she's eating the garlic red it's me I've never seen a seaweed salad like that normally like when I go to like a buffet I mean to be fair this is a sushi or you can eat sushi I've never been or you can eat sushi but like you know the crispy seaweed oh like when you get like Chinese oh banging I love that at least she's eating color you know I actually love her what mate I used to do that all the time like if I would go out and eat i' would still come home and like have snacks and like lay in bed or lay on the sofa and have like snacks so yeah I relate to that bit what is this what is that I thought they were like the mozzarella Dipper ones you know the one it's like cheese they look like chicken nuggets but cheese because they look so pale why do they look like pale I'm going to have your sauce yeah so if you wanted to you know cut your calories you need to watch out for the calories and the sauces I guarantee that sauce that she had it looked like a Cheesy kind of sauce is it I probably miss what she said but like they have so many calories that you add in okay so that was that one Munch Bunch oh my God I haven't had like a Munch Bunch yogurt in such a long time I normally have the protein yogurt so if you're going to have like a yogurt yeah if you want to know if you eat like this and you want to switch it up and lose weight instead of having a Munch Bunch you can get protein yogurts like protein mousse kind of things um kind of things kind of yogurts so it has like 20 grams of protein for about 160 calories which is really good and I get them from Littles but you can get like the Aro ones you can get them from anywhere like protein yogurt or even better fat-free Greek yogurt and then just add a bit of sweetener or like sweetened flavor drops to it add some fruit so it will like add fiber add more volume and you're going to be full up and like not as you won't be as full up on this as you would like that if that Mak sense and that's the secret to losing weight she don't care that she's fat she's just sharing what she eats so I'm not saying it to her but you know just for educational purposes oh I used to eat like that I used to eat the Kit Kats like that like eat the chocolate around the outside and then eat the inside I used to do that yeah that looks all right actually to be fair what about the portion size we have a look portion I really don't like beetroot though there that's just one food like that I can't I can't eat rro yeah that's good I feel like that's actually a really good thing like when you cuz that was a problem when I was bigger is that when I would eat even if I was full up I would I wouldn't leave leftovers I would always force myself to eat it so I think that's actually a good thing that she did like she realized she was full and she stopped eating but I feel like she's about to eat some noodles now and these aren't the best for you anyway are they I feel like these kind of noodles are great gross as well I don't like like pot noodle I used to like Bombay Bad Boy Pot noodle but yeah like noodles and stuff like that now like yeah the T I can't eat it now okay cool cool cool yogurt banana and peanut butn what was that Miss noodle with mac and cheese noodles and mac and cheese together that's weird that's weird I'm sorry that is that's a bit weird lowkey judging vegie St Reggie STS with hummus that's good what are these what are these veggies Jaws I mean you could have like carrot sticks and hummus uh peppers and hummus I like to have or cucumber and Hummers Pizza [Music] pizza for supper I mean to be fair her diet isn't too bad to be fair like she is eating quite a bit of fruit I mean like the pizza you could just make your pizza yourself if you want to lose weight obviously I'm say she does but I feel like is a lot better than the potatoes all day okay okay so this girl's trying to lose weight she wants to enjoy weight loss so let me drink my coffee first so she actually wants toose weight so let's see breakfast fake B bacon buty with Tommy K okay fake bacon buty it looked like she didn't really have anything else in there I mean I I think if you wanted to make it like more fill in to lose weight what I would do cuz I always like think if I was going to have like a bacon sandwich I have to like make it fill in so I would add like mushrooms in there or spinach egg whites like you can soak the the bread in egg whites and fry it so then you're getting like loads of protein and then I'd use turkey bacon I don't know what fake bacon is but yeah Cherry Jammy Dodgers mate I have not seen them ones I've not seen them ones but they're like I think they're like nearly 90 calories of biscuit though that's literally like me if I find something I like and like a food or something I like I will eat it all the time until I do eventually get sick of it so yeah that is it like me but okay so what she had so far so she this is she said she wants to enjoy weight loss I'm confused she had a bacon sandwich Jammy judgers pot noodle okay well if she wants to lose weight um I don't think that that her what she's eating there in the nicest way possible is going to help her cuz pot noodles are so many calories as well and they're really not fill in I mean you could have definitely like if you wanted to have a pot noodle I would say add veg to it and like protein but like yeah pot noodle isn't the best food to be eaten when you want to lose weight just because it's not filling Jammy there's nothing wrong with her having a couple of Jammy Dodgers obviously I don't know if she's tracking her calories but yeah having like one or two Jammy Dodgers with a tea you can have that and lose weight at the same time and then the dinner ordering a pasta that would have been so many calories especially if you ordered it as well but yeah she doesn't say whether she went out for walk or anything like that to increase your the amount of calories you're burn in yeah I didn't really see a lot of like veg or any veg unless there was some in the pasta and like protein so okay let's watch this one hold on if you don't don't dip your sandwich in the soup you don't need I mean she she don't really I know she don't care right but you don't need to have a sandwich and noodles at the same time and then dip it I know I'm weird and I dip things in things like chocolate and coffee but that actually tastes nice this is is a bit weird but I guess you I've never tried it so well I've not I'm noticing a trend on these Tik Tok videos that like people love to eat noodles yeah I see people noodles in it I don't know what that was that she was dipping in there but that looked weird oh I see chocolate spread on toast I used to eat chocolate spread on toast so we're going to watch this one hold on what eating a day as a fat girl 8 a.m. toast a Nutella and a Pepsi Max I love my Pepsi Max but 8 in the morning to have a Pepsi Max have a coffee man have a coffee of that chocolate spread on toast 12:30 p.m. spaghetti Hoops cheese string chocolate Nest Nest cek slice and a Coke Zero you're just eating a bowl of spaghetti hoops and a cheese drink cheese strings are gross man I hate cheese strings I think they're so gross spaghetti hoops and a n that's that Nest quick slice is like a yogurt um it's like it's almost like a cake but it's like with yogurt inside it's like a yogurt kind of slice they're all right to be fair like they're not like that bad like my kids have that with their pack lunch but like spaghetti Hoops for lunch that's weird that's weird you know spaghetti Hoops yeah whenever I used to have them when I was a kid who else does this yet I used to put get my fork and then like hook the spaghetti Hoops on and like you know how like Fork has like four things you know spikes on the fork you know what I mean I would I would literally go and like put all of the spaghetti Hoops on each of them and E like that cuz I'm a weird eye let me know if you did that okay Le to be fair Le she's having like no calories on her drinks she's she's doing the right thing with like Pepsi Max Coke Zero what is this refrigerators I do love refrigerators refrigerators are a really good protein snack to be fair and then cookie dough and Nutella Burger chips ketchup that's kind of food I used to eat back in the day to be fair when I was bigger I did used to do that yeah apple juice oh apple juice is really not good for you there's so many calories so much sugar and apple juice just have water and an apple do you know what I mean like yeah don't don't be drinking they're not it's not good for you so many people think like drinking apple juice or orange juice is a healthy option it's really not P gr 11 o00 ordered uh McDonald's okay well that's interesting to be fair what does she get from McDonald's she got burger and chicken nuggets that's think I would have done I would have done that my order from McDonald's when I was bigger was I would get a large Big Mac meal and then I would always get like a burger on the side and I would get a McFlurry so I'd get like either like a cheeseburger double cheeseburger or like a Mayo Chicken on the side I wouldn't get full up on McDonald's cuz McDonald's is really not fill in it's like fake food like you never actually get like full up yeah because there's not a lot of fiber but I feel like just from watching this you can see a trend of it's mostly like carbs and fats and not a lot of protein or veg so if you wanted to like if you eat a little bit like that just to make it healthier and to maybe make a little bit of a change to lose weight like what I would have done or what I've done is I would add like make sure there's protein in there and lots and lots of Edge and like just cook it in a different way so by using like fright or whatever instead air fry in your food or you swapping out the sources like going for the lower calorie sources and the lower calorie like yeah making lower calorie swaps if that makes sense that's way you can kind of switch it up to make it healthier and to fit in with your weight loss goals while still eating it if that makes sense let me know whether you want me to react to more Tik Tok videos what kind of Tik toks you want me to react to cuz this was pretty fun pretty interesting to see thank you so much for watching I will see you guys in the next one bye [Music] oh"